Did you know there are more people with genius IQ's living in China than there are people of any kind living in the United States?
Well, first, an awful lot of people live in China. But here's my question: How do you distinguish yourself in a population of people who all got 1600 on their SAT's?
They don't. I wasn't talking about China anymore, I was talking about me.
Yes. I could sing in an a Capella group, but I can't sing.
I can row crew or invent a 25 dollar PC.
Or I can get into a final club.
Well I can't do that.
Yes, it means I got nothing wrong on the test.
To get into a final club. To row crew? No. Are you, like—whatever—delusional?
But you've seen guys who row crew, right?
Okay, well they're bigger than me. They're world class athletes. And a second ago you said you like guys who row crew so I assumed you had met one.
Would you like to talk about something else?
The Phoenix is the most diverse. The Fly Club, Roosevelt punched the Pore.
The Porcellian, the Porc, it's the best of the best.
You can see why it's so important to get in.
Why would you ask me that?
None of them, that's the point. My friend Eduardo made $300,000 betting oil futures one summer and Eduardo won't come close to getting in. The ability to make money doesn't impress anybody around here.
You can read the weather you can predict the price of heating oil. I think you asked me that because you think the final club that's easiest to get into is the one where I'll have the best chance.
You asked me which one was the easiest to get into because you think that that's the one where I'll have the best chance.
You didn't ask me which one was the best one, you asked me which one was the easiest one.
ERICA You're obsessed with finals clubs. You have finals clubs OCD and you need to see someone about it who'11 prescribe you some sort of medication. You don't care if the side effects may include blindness .
I didn't mean to be cryptic.
Teddy Roosevelt didn't get elected president because he was a member of the Phoenix Club.
Well why don't you just concentrate on being the best you you can be?
I want to try to be straight forward with you and tell you that I think you might want to be a little more supportive. If I get in I'll be taking you...to the events, and the gatherings... and you'll be meeting a lot of people you wouldn't normally get to meet.
You're breaking up with me?
Erica, the reason we're able to sit here and drink right now is cause you used to sleep with the door guy.
Wait, wait, is this real?
Okay, then wait. I apologize, okay?
I'm sorry, I mean it.
You don't have to study. You don't have to study. Let's just talk.
All I meant is that you're not likely to- currently—I wasn't making a comment on your parents —I was just saying you go to B.U., I was stating a fact, that's all, and if it seemed rude then of course I apologize.
You don't have to study.
Because you go to B.U.!
Do you want to get some food?
And I'm sorry I don't have a rowboat so we're even.
I'm under some pressure right now with my OS class and if we could just order food I think we should--
You are probably going to be a very successful computer person.
Erica Albright's a bitch. Do you think that's because her family changed their name from Albrecht or do you think it's because all B.U. girls are bitches? He takes a good gulp of his drink. We see the words we're hearing filling up his computer screen—
The truth is she has a nice face. I need to do something to help me take my mind off her. Easy enough, except I need an idea.
I think he's on to something. TITLE: 10:17 PM
First up is Kirkland. They keep everything open and allow indexes in their Apache configuration, so a little WGET magic is all that's necessary to download the entire Kirkland facebook. Kids' stuff. On the computer screen, we've been seeing him download picture after picture of Harvard girls. THREE COEDS are talking to the BOUNCER. The BOUNCER looks up at TWO HANDSOME CLUB MEMBERS. The MEMBERS give him the nod and the FIVE COEDS are let past the velvet rope. They're led up a half flight of red-carpeted stairs to a party that's about a half-hour away from being in full swing. The CLUB PRESIDENT is addressing the GUESTS from the top of the stairs-- CLUB PRESIDENT Excuse me everybody, you are at one of the oldest, one of the most exclusive clubs—not just at Harvard but in the world—and I want to welcome you all to Phoenix Club's first party of the fall semester.
Next is Elliot. They're also open but with no indexes on Apache. I can run an empty search and it returns all of the images in the database in a single page. Then I can save the page and Mozilla will save all the images for me. Excellent. Moving right along.
Dunster is intense. Not only is there no public directory but there's no—
You and Erica split up?
You think this is such a good idea?
Give each girl a base rating of 1400. At any given time "Girl A" has a rating R-a and "Girl B" has a rating R-b.
Yes. And those expectations are expressed this way.
Who are you gonna send it to?
Just a couple of people. The question is, who are they gonna send it to? We move to a room where there's a co-ed poker game underway with the girls smoking cigars. A bra and a couple of pairs of stockings are out on the table. As we move through the poker room, we see a computer behind one of the players. The computer is indicating that there's e-mail. A PLAYER turns around and opens the e-mail as the poker game and the party go on behind him. He hits a link and FACEMASH opens. He looks at it, then—
This is an awful lot of traffic. Think maybe we should shut it down before we get into trouble.
Go see if it's everybody.
Unless it's a coincidence I think this is us.
So you were called in front of the Ad Board.
You weren't called in front of the Administrative Board?
I was reading from the transcript of her deposition so—
That's really for us to—
Why don't we stretch our legs for a minute, can we do that? It's been almost three hours and frankly you did spend an awful lot of time embarrassing Mr. Zuckerberg with the girl's testimony from the bar.
The site got twenty-two hundred hits within two hours?
Wow. The Harvard Crew is practicing on two-man sculls. There are three boats that are running roughly even with each other and the two-man crews are rowing with all they've got. We're gliding along with them in the water— A CREW MEMBER Those guys are just freakin' fast. And we PULL BACK TO REVEAL that there's a fourth boat which is already five boat lengths ahead of the other three.
Is there anyway to make this a fair fight?
I think we'd have to jump out and drown.
We're genetically identical, science says we'd stay in one place.
I don't know, a three hour low-rate technical row before breakfast, a full course load, studying, another three hours in the tank and then studying. I don't know how we missed it. How much activity was there on this thing that he—
How do you know he was drunk?
I'm way ahead of you.
Cameron Winklevoss. W-I-N-K-L-E-V-O-S-S. Cameron's spelled the usual way.
I've already apologized in the Crimson to the ABHW, to Fuerza Latina and to any women at Harvard who might have been insulted as I take it that they were. As for any charges stemming from the breach of security, I believe I deserve some recognition from this Board.
I believe I pointed out some pretty gaping holes in your system.
That would be impressive except if you'd known what you were looking for you would have seen it written on my dorm room window. As the heavy wooden door from the hearing slams shut behind
Wow, they had to make an example out of you.
I tried to stop you. I know.
How do you do this thing where you manage to get all girls to hate us? Why did I let you—
1 valid bit, 1 modify bit, 1 reference bit and 5 permission bits.
We've never heard that before.
No, you didn't insult our girl— Actually, I don't know.
We should do that. No, we have an idea we want to talk to you about. Do you have a minute?
As MARK is escorted by CAMERON and TYLER toward the club.
Would you like a sandwich or something?
We were talking about CourseMatch.
And you invented something in high school, right?
Anybody try to buy it?
Okay, well. We have something that we've been working on for a while, we think it's great. It's called the HarvardConnection. You create your own page. Interests, bio, friends, pics.
Yeah. How's it different from MySpace or Friendster?
Harvard.edu. The most prestigious e-mail address in the country.
Not to put anything indelicately.
Divya and my brother don't have trouble putting things indelicately.
And we know you've taking it in the shins.
Wow. You'd do that for me?
Our first programmer graduated and went to work at Google. Our second programmer just got overwhelmed with school work.
When did you come to Eduardo?
Do you remember answering in the affirmative?
When did you come to Eduardo with the idea for Facebook.
This doesn't need to be that difficult.
Did you answer affirmatively? When Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss and Divya Narendra asked you to build HarvardConnection, did you say yes?
When did you approach Mr. Saverin with the idea for TheFacebook?
At a party at Alpha Epsilon Pi.
The Jewish fraternity. It was Caribbean Night. The hall has been converted into "Alpha Epsilon Pi Caribbean Night, 2003" and the party is about as lame as it sounds. What's important is that this couldn't be less like the final club party we saw at the beginning if they were playing Pin the Tail on the Donkey. Some potted palm trees have been brought in along with a steel drum set. The man playing the steel drum set has a yarmulke bobby pinned to his thinning hair. A table with a punch bowl and assorted cookies is nearby.
It's not that guys like me are generally attracted to Asian girls. It's that Asian girls are generally attracted to guys like me.
I don't think it's that complicated. They're hot, they're smart, they're not Jewish and they can't dance.
I think I've come up with something.
You got punched by the Phoenix.
Yeah. I think I've come up with something. Come outside.
I can't stare at that loop of Niagara Falls which has nothing to do with the Caribbean.
People came to Facemash in a stampede, right?
It wasn't because they saw pictures of hot girls. You can go anywhere on the internet and see pictures of hot girls.
It was because they saw pictures of girls that they knew . People want to go on the internet and check out their friends. Why not build a website that offers that? Friends, pictures, profiles, whatever you can...visit, browse around, maybe it's somebody you just met at a party. I'm not talking about a dating site. I'm talking about taking the entire social experience of college and putting it online.
I know, I'm totally psyched about this, too. But Wardo—
You'd have to know the people on the site to get past your own page. Like getting punched.
Wardo, it's like a Final Club except we're the president.
We're gonna need a little start-up cash to rent the servers and get it online.
We'll split it 70-30. 70 for me 30 for you for putting up the thousand dollars and handling for everything on the business end. You're CFO.
I said "Let's do it".
Why do you think he said that?
Sy, if you'll let me continue with my line of questioning--
They're suggesting I was jealous of Eduardo for getting punched by the Phoenix and began a plan to screw him out of a company I hadn't even invented yet. 42.
Stop typing, we're off the record.
I'11 let you know how the party is.
We recognize that you're a plaintiff in one suit involving Facebook and a witness in another.
At any time in the weeks prior to Mark's telling you his idea, did he mention Tyler Winklevoss, Cameron Winklevoss, Divya Narendra or HarvardConnection? 43.
"These guys" meaning my clients.
Were you aware that while Mr. Zuckerberg was building TheFacebook he was also communicating with the plaintiffs?
You're offering a conclusion not found in evidence.
From Mark Zuckerberg to Tyler Winklevoss. November 30, 2003. "I read over all the stuff you sent me re Harvard Connection and it seems like it shouldn't take too long to implement, so we can talk about it after I get all the basic functionality up tomorrow night." The whiteboard is filled with diagrams now--login page,
From Mark Zuckerberg to Cameron Winklevoss. December 1, 2003. "Sorry I was unreachable tonight. I just got about three of your missed calls. I was working on a problem set for my systems class."
From Mark Zuckerberg to Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss. December 10, 2003. "This week has been pretty busy thus far with classes and work so I think it's probably best to postpone the meeting."
"I'm also really busy tomorrow." Anybody else feel like there's something up with this guy?
Hey, guess what? I made the second cut.
I'll get outa here. The MUSIC CONTINUES—
"I won't really be free to meet until next Wednesday afternoon."
"...have to cancel Wednesday afternoon. I've basically been in the lab this whole time and also..."
"Won't be able to do Saturday as I have to meet up with my parents to..." The MUSIC CONTINUES—
1) Harvard was founded in 1636, not 1638. 2) Harvard wasn't founded by John Harvard and 3) That's not John Harvard.
A friend of the sculptor, Daniel Chester.
39 days after Mr. Zuckerberg's initial meeting with my clients and he still hadn't completed work on HarvardConnection. But on January 11, 2004 — A website called Network Solutions is up on Mark's screen. He hits a couple of keys and waits intently. Then the computer shows him what he wanted to see— www.theFacebook.com—DOMAIN NAME REGISTERED
To the best of your knowledge, had he even begun work on HarvardConnection?
What in the world is this? "Hey Cameron. I'm still a little skeptical that we have enough functionality in the site to really draw the attention and gain the critical mass necessary to get a site like this to run. We'll speak soon."
That's correct. He had 42 days to study our system and get out ahead on—
Did I use any of your code?
Can I continue with my deposition?
I can't wait to stand over your shoulder and watch you write us a check.
There's a girl in your art history class. Her name is Stephanie Attis. Do you happen to know if she has a boyfriend?
Have you ever seen her with anyone? And if not, do you happen to know if she's looking to go out with anyone?
We were supposed to meet at 9.
I have to add something.
Shit. That looks good. That looks really good.
"Relationship Status", "Interested In", This is what drives life at college. Are you having sex or aren't you. It's why people take certain classes, and sit where they sit, and do what they do, and at its, urn, center, you know, that's what theFacebook is gonna be about. People are gonna log on because after all the cake and watermelon there's a chance they're actually gonna--
That was it. And here's the masthead.
"Eduardo Saverin. Co-Founder and CFO."
You have no idea what that's going to mean to my father.
When's it gonna go live?
Why do we need my laptop?
I'm not sure if it's gonna be cool with them that I spam their—
No, I know it's not spam--
I haven't gotten in yet.
These guys. They're literary geniuses because the world's most obvious Lewis Carroll reference—
Mark? Are you praying? THE KROKODILOES, Harvard's oldest male a Capella group, are singing at the front of the hall in their usual uniform of white tie and tails for a packed crowd of students and parents. Incongruously, but with surprisingly nice results, the group is covering a song from All-4-One —"I Swear "—and the pub full of students is loving it.
Honey, you should put the laptop away.
K.C.— She clicks on the link— FEMALE FRIEND What is it?
It's fine. He starts out again, then comes back for his coat, grabs it, starts out and falls down all over again. Finally he's got it together and flies out of the pub and we
Hey! The twins are in the zone and don't pay any attention.
Not now, we need 20 minutes.
Mark Zuckerberg stole our website. It's been live for more than 36 hours.
Ty, the lawyer's on the phone with Dad. I'm here with my brother, Tyler, and our business partner, Divya.
Yes sir, he's quoted a couple of times. I can read it to you, "'Everyone's been talking a lot about a universal facebook within Harvard', he says"--he meaning Mark—"'I think it's kind of silly that it would take the University a couple of years to get around to it. I can do a classier job than they can and I did in a week. '"
I know, that's how he talks.
Yeah, Divya was just reading that 650 students signed up for it on the first day.
And this guy doesn't have three friends to rub together to make a fourth.
This is a good guy?
We know that he stole our idea. We know he lied to our faces for a month and a half while he--
TYLER) He never saw our faces! He lied to our e- mail accounts and he got himself a 42-day head start because he knows what apparently you don't which is that getting there first is everything 1
Alright. That was your father's lawyer?
No, I wanna hire the Sopranos to beat the shit out of him with a hammer.
How much more information are you waiting for? We met with Mark three times, we exchanged 52 e-mails, we can prove that he looked at the code— What is that on the bottom of the page?
Shit, I need a second to let the classiness waft over me.
Cam. They wrote, "Zuckerberg said that he hoped the privacy options would help to restore his reputation following student outrage over Facemash.com". That's exactly what WE said to him. He's giving us the finger in the Crimson. Now while we're waiting for Dad's lawyer to look this stuff over, we can at least—
—get something going in the paper so that people know--
That this thing is in dispute.
I don't understand, why not?
Because we're gentlemen of Harvard. This is Harvard. You don't plant stories and you don't sue people.
During the time when you say you had this idea, did you know Tyler and Cameron came from a family of means?
Did you know that his father was wealthy.
It's not important that you be sure why I'm asking you.
I had no idea whether they came from money or not.
They'd demonstrated to you an interest in this kind of thing so—
Your best friend is suing you for 600- million dollars.
Eduardo, what happened after the initial launch?
We already went through this on the-- nevermind. Mr. Saverin, what happened after the initial—
Everyone on campus was using it. "Facebook me" was a common expression after two weeks.
Mark was the biggest thing on a campus that included 19 Nobel Laureates, 15 Pulitzer Prize winners, two future Olympians and a movie star.
Your friend—is that Mark Zuckerberg?
Yeah. I mean it's both of ours--but, yeah we—yes.
Very nice to meet you.
Certainly. Absolutely I will do that.
She said "Facebook me" and we can all go for a drink later. Which is stunningly great for two reasons. One, she said "Facebook me". Right? And the other is, you know--
Yes I Have you ever heard so many different good things packed into one regular-sized sentence?
It's time to monetize the thing.
Did you hear what I said?
I said it's time to monetize the site.
It means it's time for the website to generate revenue.
Well I wasn't thinking Mountain Dew but at some point—and I'm talking as the business end of the company—the site—
When will it be finished?
MARK Fashion. Fashion is never finished.
I'm talking about the idea of it and I'm saying it's never finished.
When did you get this?
They're saying—the Winklevoss twins are saying you stole their idea.
They find it to be intellectual property theft. Why--
—why didn't you show this to me?
They're saying we stole theFacebook from Divya Narendra and the Wink—
Don't screw around with me now. Look at me.
The letter says we could face legal action.
It's from a lawyer, Mark. They must feel they have some grounds for—
Why didn't you show me the letter?
If there's something wrong—if there's ever anything wrong—you can tell me. I'm the guy that wants to help. This is our thing. Is there anything you need to tell me?
What are we doing about this?
"—the lack of hardware we had to deal with, site use, the lack of promotion that would go on to successfully launch the website--
Gentlemen. I'm talking about at the meeting in January to which this letter is referring.
Let me re-phrase this. You sent my clients 16 e-mails. In the first 15, you didn't raise any concerns.
In the 16th e-mail you raised concerns about the site's functionality. Were you leading them on for six weeks?
Why hadn't you raised any of these concerns before?
Mr. Zuckerberg, do I have your full attention?
Do you think I deserve it?
Do you think I deserve your full attention?
Okay. "No" you don't think I deserve your attention.
I've got 12:45. Why don't we say that's lunch.
So, what were their names?
Sorry. It'll just be a minute. Some girls are freshening up in there. CLUB GUY Sweet. The guy goes off.
I think I'm good right here.
I don't know if you heard about this new website I launched.
That's why I wanted to talk to you. If we could just--
That's why I came over.
I didn't end up doing that.
No, there's no problem. You write your snide bullshit from a dark room because that's what the angry do nowadays. I was nice to you. Don't torture me for it.
If we could just go somewhere for a minute—
Hey, that was great. That was the right thing to do. You apologized, right?
Is he mad about something?
We're expanding to Yale and Columbia. Dustin, I want you to share the coding work with me. Chris, you're going to be in charge of publicity and outreach and you can start by getting a story in the B.U. student newspaper. The Bridge.
Somebody at the newspaper will be a computer science major. Tell 'em Mark Zuckerberg will do 10 hours of free programming.
Because I do. Here's the arrangement. Eduardo is CFO and owns 30% of the company. Dustin is Vice President and Head of Programming and his 5% of the company will come from my end. Chris is Director of Publicity and his compensation will depend on the amount of work he ends up doing. Any questions?
CHRISTY Is there anything we can do?
Stanford. It's time for them to see this in Palo Alto.
You don't want any lunch?
You're welcome to some salad.
I'm Marylin Delpy, I introduced myself—
I'm a second year associate at the firm. My boss wanted me to sit in on the deposition phase.
They don't have roads but they have Facebook?
You must really hate the Winklevoss's.
He's expanding to Yale, Columbia and Stanford, it'll be in the Crimson tomorrow.
I want to hire a lawyer to file for injunctive relief and get this website taken down now'.
Every minute the site is up. Harvard Connection becomes less valuable. I want an injunction, I want damages, I want punitive relief and I want him dead.
Then why aren't we doing anything about it?! Because we're gentlemen of Harvard?!
He's violated Massachusetts state law. When he goes to Connecticut, New York and California he'll have violated federal law. And by the way, he's in violation of Harvard law.
Harvard Student Handbook. Every freshman is issued one of these. Somewhere in this book it says—
You can't get a meeting with Larry Summers.
I'm sorry, I'm late for Bio-Chem.
You don't know my name, do you?
I should just kick your ass. How can you go to a party, meet--
Tu fais 1 1 amour a la jolie fille et la mets de cote.
Where did you go to school?
Seriously, you're not like 15 years old or anything are you?
No. So what do you do?
What was your latest preneur?
I just slept with Sean Parker?
This is blowing my mind.
I have to hop in the shower and get ready for class.
There's juice or anything else you can find. Help yourself.
Amy? She can't hear him in the shower.
Jesus. He gets up and goes to the bathroom door—
There's a snake in here, Amy. What?!
Are you kidding me?! I could have been killed!
By running too fast...and getting twisted in the curtain—What do you need to ask me?
After you passed out last night I went on theFacebook for a little bit.
TheFacebook? Stanford's had it for like two weeks now it's really awesome except it's freakishly addictive. Seriously, I'm on the thing like five times a day.
I've never been in this building before.
Good morning, sir. I'm Cameron Winklevoss and this is my brother, Tyler. SUMMERS reaches to the top of a pile of papers and pulls a ten- page letter off the top.
I'm sorry, I thought you were reading the letter.
We came up with an idea for a website called HarvardConnection--we've since changed the name to ConnectU—and Mark Zuckerberg stole that idea and—
Well sir, in The Harvard Student Handbook , which is distributed to each freshman—under the heading "Standards of Conduct in the Harvard Community"— SUMMERS can't help an agonized sigh—
...or unauthorized use will result in disciplinary action. Including requirement to withdraw from the college.
What my brother and I came here today to ask of you, respectfully of course, is that--
Yes sir, and the House Master made a recommendation to the Ad Board but the Ad Board won't see us.
Mr. Zuckerberg hasn't been responding to any of our e-mails or phone calls for the last two weeks. He doesn't answer when we knock on his door at Kirkland and the closest we've come to dealing with him face to face is when I saw him on the quad and chased him through Harvard Square.
I saw him and I know he saw me and I went after him but he disappeared.
Of course this is a University issue. There's a code of ethics and an honor code and he violated them both.
I'm sorry President Summers, what you just said makes no sense to me at all.
What my brother means is that if Mark Zuckerberg walked into our dorm room and stole our computer that would be a university issue, right?
This idea is potentially worth millions of dollars.
Sir, I honestly don't think you're in any position to make that call.
Letting our imaginations run away with us is exactly what we were told to do in your freshmen address.
I'm sorry, but that's not the point.
You don't have to be an intellectual property expert to understand the difference between right and wrong.
Of course I'm not saying that.
We've never asked for special treatment.
Well you could take the Harvard Student Handbook and shoved it up—
I broke your 335 year old doorknob.
As CFO, I'd set up some meetings with potential advertisers.
It was paid for out of the thousand dollar account I'd set up a few months earlier.
Can I re-phrase my answer?
I wish he'd been asleep.
...and we're at 29 schools now with over 75,000 members. People who go on theFacebook tend to stay on longer than almost any other site, now here's the most impressive statistic—91% of people who try it once will come back. Now if you'll allow me—
It wasn't a "tsk", it was uh...hmm...like a glottal stop. Almost a gag reflex.
There was one more meeting scheduled for the New York trip.
Would you say that Mark was excited about this meeting?
They're not gonna card us.
Tell him they're not gonna card us.
Unless you're the Ballet Theatre of Hartford, the purpose of a business is to make a profit.
That's tough for me because my job is to— nevermind.
I honestly wasn't jealous. I was nervous.
I didn't know him at all but I'd done a search and I'd asked around. He struck me as kind of a wild card.
He crashed out of two pretty big internet companies in spectacular fashion and he's had a reputation with drugs.
And he does own a watch.
Take your time. And he does own a watch.
You must be Eduardo. And Christy. And Mark, it's great to meet you.
You guys don't have anything in front of you. Tori.
Can you bring out some things. The lacquered pork with that ginger confit? Tuna tartar and a lobster claws, that'll get us started. Christy, what do you like to drink?
The question was "What did you talk about?"
I didn't want to spend my 20's as a professional defendant. Who knew—the music industry doesn't have a sense of humor. We tried to sell the company to pay the 35 million they said we owed in royalties but I guess to them that was a little like selling a stolen car to pay for the stolen gas. So we said screw it and declared bankruptcy.
And you are dry. Tori?
And then he went on to his second business venture, which was an online rolodex that he got thrown out of by Case Equity.
I'm not a psychiatrist, but--
You're not a psychiatrist but what?
They'll hire private detectives who'll follow you day and night. You're a target for high priced escorts. I can't prove it but I know they tapped my phones. Whatever it is that's gonna trip you up you've done already. Private behavior is a relic of a time gone by. And if somehow, someway, you've managed to live your life like the Dalai Lama then they'll make shit up. Because they don't want you, they want your idea and then they want you to say thank you while you— excuse me—wipe your chin and walk away.
You didn't bring down the record companies. They won.
And he told story after story about life in Silicon Valley, and parties at Stanford and down in LA, and friends who'd become millionaires, but mostly how Mark had to-- had to come to California. And then he got around to theFacebook.
Well...we're in 29 schools now and we have over 75,000 members—
Okay. For instance, we wanted Baylor in Texas but Baylor already had a social network on campus so instead of going right after them, we made a list of every school within a hundred miles—
Pretty soon all the Baylor kids were seeing their friends on our site we were in.
Thank you, it was mine.
Settle an argument for us, would you? I say it's time to start making money from theFacebook but Mark doesn't want advertising. Who's right?
And that's where you're headed. A billion dollar valuation. Unless you take bad advice in which case you may as well have come up with a chain of very successful yogurt shops. When you go fishing you can catch a lot of fish or you can catch a big fish. You ever walk into a guy's den and see a picture of him standing next to fourteen trout?
Okay, but we all know that marlins don't really weigh 3000 pounds, right?
I haven't but I don't think the guy's holding a marlin the size of a Range Rover. That would be a really big fish and a very strong guy.
I don't have a dog in this fight. I'm just a fan who came to say hi.
He picked up the check, he told Mark they'd talk again soon and he was gone. But not before he made his biggest contribution to the company.
You want to end the party at eleven.
There won't be a party unless it's cool, What'd you think?
I meant catching the marlin instead of the 14 trout. Doesn't that sound good?
I'm going to enter this into the record. Incorporation papers for Facebook, an LLC registered in Florida-- Why Florida?
—and ask the respondent to stipulate that the articles of incorporation state the ownership as follows: 65 percent for Mark Zuckerberg, 30 percent for Eduardo Saverin and 5 percent for Dustin Moskovitz.
And that was April 13th, 2004.
Do you have anything here?
Oh come one, this is bullshit, this is another club playing a prank.
They identify you as one of the founders of Facebook. "Junior Eduardo Saverin"-- I'm not the expert but being connected to torturing animals is probably bad for business.
No and settle down please. I have here an article from the Crimson —
Somebody's gonna have to answer for this.
The dining hall was serving chicken for dinner and I had to feed my chicken so I just...I took little pieces of chicken and I gave it to the chicken. Someone must have seen me because the next thing I knew I was being accused of forced cannibalism.
I didn't know you can't do that. I dealt with the various animal rights groups, I dealt with the Associate Dean of the College, this was all resolved.
Someone from the Pore or the Fly must have reported it. For all I know it was the Winklevosses.
This is absurd. I'm being accused of animal cruelty. It's better to be accused of necrophilia.
I'm going to have to explain this to my father, I'm going to have to explain this to everybody, I'm going to have to—what is happening on that ?
I have my final coming up for "Postwar and Contemporary Art" and I haven't been to class. I'm supposed to write about those four paintings.
Yeah, I opened it under an alias. I posted the paintings and asked people to comment. Every once in a while I hop on and stir the pot to get a good debate going.
I'd rather not answer that, Gretchen.
Because I'm not suing him for cheating on his final exam that's not what friends do.
Oops . You told your lawyers I was torturing animals?!
That reminds me, we're gonna need more money, Wardo.
—I'm interviewing two interns to come to Palo Alto and we're gonna have to pay them something.
I already found a house for rent on a street two blocks from the Stanford campus. It's perfect and it's got a pool.
You mean when did I actually decide?
He was right. California's the place we've gotta be.
I didn't know you guys got The Beverly Hillbillies in Bra—
What's your problem with Sean?
He's got connections to VCs.
—as someone who's just really embarrassed the company in a bad way I wouldn't—
You don't think it was strange that he was followed by private detectives?
Enough to get him out of the company. The drugs, the girls--
You can read about it.
Don't fish eat other fish?! The marlins and the trout?!
I'm interviewing interns at 10 tomorrow night in the CS lab. Get on board with this, man. You know, I don't know what else to say.
They have 10 minutes to get root access to a Python Webserver, expose its SSL encryption and then intercept all traffic over its secure port.
Yes, all behind a Pix Firewall Emulator. But here's the beauty.
Every 10th line of code written, they have to drink a shot. And hacking's supposed to be stealth, so anytime the server detects an intrusion, the candidate responsible has to drink a shot. I also have a program running that has a pop-up window appear simultaneously on all five computers—the last candidate to hit the window has to drink a shot. Plus every three minutes they all have to drink a shot.
Can I ask—what part of the interns' jobs will they need to be able to do drunk?
I opened a new account and put $18,000 in it. Will that get you through the summer?
Welcome to Facebook. The place ERUPTS. The pretty ASIAN GIRL hits an mp3 player that's been hooked up to speakers and a Dr. Dre song blares out—" California , it's time to party..." The two winners are hugging each other and getting wild congratulations from the crowd.
In addition to the $1000 you'd already put up.
A total of $19,000 now.
I'm just checking your math on that. Yes, I got the same thing.
After expressing misgivings about Mr. Zuckerberg taking the company and moving it to California for the summer, why did you put $18,000 in an account for his use?
Yikes. And at that moment a stray brick drops from the roof and crashes through a glass patio table. From inside the DOORBELL RINGS—
I didn't know we had a doorbell.
No, he's wired in. INTERN [IAN] That's gonna cut into the security deposit.
No. You live across the street?
This is my—Sharon. She lives across the street I was helping her move out when we saw the chimney—
You made the right choice.
This house and this team are great. It's exactly what it should be.
He's got an internship in New York.
I was crashing there for a little bit while I'm taking care of some things. But she's done for the summer so she's back at her parents' place. BEAUTIFUL WOMAN #1 (BRIANNA) The homeless rock star of Palo Alto.
I asked what your plan—
Okay. BEAUTIFUL WOMAN #2 (KELSEY) I'll go with you. The two girls exit—
She looks familiar to a lot of people.
A Stanford MBA named Roy Raymond wants to buy his wife some lingerie but he's too embarrassed to shop for it in a department store. He comes up with an idea for a high end place that doesn't make you feel like a pervert. He gets a $40,000 bank loan and borrows another forty-thousand from his in-laws, opens a store and calls it Victoria's Secret. He makes a half-million dollars his first year.
Oh, you know, that was—
Do you ever think about the girl?
The one—the girl in high school who was— with the lacrosse thing.
A hundred schools by the end of the summer?
Tell you what, gesture of good faith. While you're getting into a hundred schools. I'll put you on two continents.
Let's line up some shots. Excuse me.
You can take this away and bring out the 1942.
This is my brother, Cameron.
Of course. Brilliant race. I've never seen a race that close.
My grandfather. Jack Kelly, was one of the premiere rowers of his day. I've been coming to Henley for 30 years and I've never seen a race that close. Have you seen a race that close?
No, Your Highness. Mile and a half races are more commonly won by a boat length or two.
May I introduce my teammates? This is Dave, he's our—
I'm sorry you had to fly all the way over to see that.
I just wanted him to tell me a couple more times how close the race was a couple of more times. Brutal. It was brutally close. Excruciatingly brutal. Never seen a race so excruciatingly JESUS!
Cam, the guy's the prince of a country the size of Nantucket, relax it's fine— MR. WINKLEVOSS has made his way over— MR. WINKLEVOSS Boys.
Mr. Winklevoss. MR. WINKLEVOSS That was a tough beat.
Oh. Mr. Kenwright. Dad, this is Mr. Kenwright, the head of our host family this week.
Your daughter doesn't go to school in the States?
They have Facebook at Cambridge?
I'm gonna watch the race film. If this online I wanna see it.
Screw it. Let's gut the freakin' nerd.
That's what I'm talking about. There's a thunderstorm going on outside and rain is beating
Check it out, I saw him today. Manningham, Mitchell Manningham, my Case Equity guy--hang on. Are you guys using spikes or ghost missiles? GIRL #1 We don't know, we're just shooting at each other. The DOORBELL RINGS but no one pays attention—
I saw him getting into his turbo Carerra and he saw me too, I know he did. Don't sweat it, I'm on a land line.
Does, anybody hear that banging?
Dude, somebody's at the door.
It's not a dish best served cold. It's best served immediately and relentlessly.
I'm gonna call you back. What's up?
He was on a 36 hour coding tear so he took a nap for a couple of hours.
Back to work. GIRL #2 The more bad I get at this, the more wasted I get. I meant the more—
How old are they, Sean?
Sean, how old are they?
You've gotta see some of the new stuff we've got. Dustin, show him the wall. I'm just calling it the wall.
Why's he setting up meetings?
I don't care if he's an actual angel, why's he setting up business meetings?
No, I've had a long wait on the tarmac at JFK, then a long wait at the passenger loading and unloading zone at SFO and in between there was a long flight. I'm the business end of this company and he's a house guest living here rent-free on a generous grant from the Eduardo Saverin Foundation.
Want to talk to me alone for a minute? Sure.
Bong hit! GIRL #2 I'm so high.
How's it going? How's the internship? How's Christy?
I do remember you saying that. How's Christy?
Still, it's nice you have a girlfriend.
You gotta move out here, Wardo, this is where it's all happening.
I'm afraid if you don't come out here you're going to get left behind. I want— I want—I need you out here, please don't tell him I said that.
It's moving faster than any of us ever even imagined and—
It's moving fast and Sean even thinks that--
We have over 300,000 members, Wardo, we're in 160 schools including—
We need more servers than I ever imagined we'd need. We need more programmers. And we need more money. And he set up the Thiel meeting. He's set up meetings all around town.
And how's it going so far?!!
I'd like to freeze this bank account and cancel all existing checks and lines of credit.
Yeah, sure. 80 stories of polished granite.
No problem. You know this is where they filmed Towering Inferno.
You scared me. I need you to knock.
I got back this afternoon.
Chris, it was kind of a rough trip and I was tired and--
I did, and I thought that was incredibly normal behavior.
I brought you a present.
I was single when I set up the page.
It's a little embarrassing so you should take it as a sign of trust that I would tell you that.
That is not even remotely true and I can promise you that the Silicon Valley sluts don't care what anyone's relationship status is on Facebook. Please, open your present.
Oh, your phone does work.
Okay, this is gonna be tricky. Here, open your present. It's a silk scarf.
I had to get your attention, Mark.
We ' ve been working on.
If the servers are down for even a day, our entire reputation is irreversibly destroyed. Users are fickle. Friendster has proven that fact.
Holy shit! What is wrong with you?
That was the act of a child, not a businessman.
I'm sorry. I was angry and maybe it was childish. But I had to get your attention.
Yes. Also I'm breaking up with you. A glass conference room in the corner of a glass bullpen on a high floor of a high rise. Cartons are being unpacked, computers are everywhere along with bags of potato chips and boxes of cereal.
How many shares of stock will I own?
Because you may need to dilute it to award shares to new investors.
Economics. LAWYER #2 You should know that Mark's already taken his percentage from 60 down to 51.
I can live with that.
Could you please repeat the question?
Yes, would you read it back, please.
No. It was insanely stupid of me not to have my own lawyers look over all the...the, uh...in all honesty I thought they were my lawyers. I was your only friend. You had one friend. My father won't even look at me.
There was a lot of handshaking and a lot of congratulations. He'd already told me that he wouldn't be coming back to school for at least a semester so we were saying goodbye for a while. And then before I left, he said—
Remember the algorithm on the window at Kirkland?
Yeah, I'll be here. A brand new black Escalade pulls up in front of a gleaming
What else did the e-mail say?
I went out to California and I went straight to the new offices. And it's clear that we're in the offices of a new, high-tech, very successful internet company. The Facebook logo in blue metallic letters on the wall, the maple desks, new computer monitors, carpeting, a wall covered in graffiti by an artist commissioned for the job and tons of young employees.
Because I wasn't called out there for either one.
At first I thought he was joking, giving me more contracts to sign. But then I started reading.
How 'bout now, are you still wired in?
You issued over 24-million new shares of stock.
How much were your shares diluted? How much were his?!
It's gonna be like I'm not part of Facebook.
My name's on the masthead.
This is because I froze the account?
Sorry, my Prada's at the cleaners along with my hoodie and my fuck-you flip-flops you pretentious douchebag.
I'm not signing those papers.
Tell me this isn't about me getting into the Phoenix!
What is he talking about?
Seriously, what the hell's the chicken?
I almost forgot, there's your $19,000. I wouldn't cash it, though, I drew it on the account you froze.
I like standing next to you, Sean. It makes me look so tough.
That's it, that's our show for tonight, people. So I want to see everybody here geared up for a party. We're gonna walk down to the club like it's the Macy's Parade. Mackey, put it up on the big screen, we've gotta be almost there. A young employee hits a remote and a few keys on his computer and a huge flat-screen displays a Facebook page with a read¬ out of the number of members. 999,942 There's scattered applause and excitement as everyone watches.
That's life in the NFL.
Listen, I'm putting together a party—
He almost killed it. I'll send flowers. Speaking of flowers, I'm putting together a party after the party at Kappa Eta Sigma. Ashleigh's a sister.
Ashleigh? Me? No. A little bit. Oh no, do you like her? Dude--
We were just talkin' about you.
Put them on my desk. ASHLEIGH puts the small package on Mark's desk.
Refresh! MACKEY hits the "refresh" key and the big screen shows-- 1 , 000,046
The next transformative development? A picture sharing application. A place where you view pictures that coincide with your social life. It is...the true digitalization of real life. You don't just go to a party anymore, you go to a party with your digital camera and your friends relive the party on Facebook. And tagging. The idea-- SORORITY GIRL #2 Would this be easier without the bra? FRATERNITY GUY It's worth finding out. The girls start happily slipping off their bras--
How they check their friends' status updates, checked to see which of their friends had changed their profiles, changed their photos and mostly...
We lived on farms and then we lived in cities and now we're gonna live on the internet.
It's the cops. And they all spring into action. The girls are putting their
Good to see you officer. What can I do for you?
Was the music too loud? We have a celebration going.
I can have them turn the music down.
That's my inhaler. POLICEMAN #2 How old are you? SORORITY GIRL I'm 21.
It was just a party.
It's cool, I've got it under control.
You don't think Eduardo was involved do you? Do you think--
Or Manningham. One of them. Somebody. Somebody sent that coke in their 'cause it got in there. You believe me. This is gonna be fine, right?
We're done for the day.
I know that. When's there's emotional testimony I assume 85% of it is exaggeration.
Perjury. Creation myths need a devil.
Sy and the others are having a steak on University Ave. Then they'll come back up to the office and start working on a settlement agreement to present to you.
Oh yeah. And you're gonna have to pay a little extra.
So that these guys sign a non-disclosure agreement. They say one unflattering word about you in public and you own their wife and kids.
I'm talking about a jury. I specialize in voir dire--jury selection. And what the jury sees when they look at the defendant. Clothes, hair, speaking style, likability—
I've been licensed to practice law for all of 20 months and I could get a jury to believe you planted the story about Eduardo and the chicken. Watch what else. Why weren't you at Sean's sorority party that night?
Doesn't matter. I asked the question and now everybody's thinking about it. You've lost your jury in the first 10 minutes.
Pay them. In the scheme of things it's a speeding ticket. That's what Sy will tell you tomorrow.
I can't imagine it would be a problem.
You're not an asshole, Mark. You're just trying so hard to be.
Did you know there are more people with genius IQ's living in China than there are people of any kind living in the United States?
Well, first, an awful lot of people live in China. But here's my question:
I didn't know they take SAT's in China.
Does that mean you actually got nothing wrong?
Or you can get into a final club.
You know, from a woman's perspective, sometimes not singing in an a Capella group is a good thing?
On the other hand I do like guys who row crew.
Maybe, but sometimes you say two things at once and I'm not sure which one I'm supposed to be aiming at.
I guess I just meant I liked the idea of it. The way a girl likes cowboys.
Should we get something to eat?
No, it's just since the beginning of the conversation about finals club I think I may have missed a birthday. There are really more people in China with genius IQ's than the entire population of—
Is it true that they send a bus around to pick up girls who want to party with the next Fed Chairman?
Okay, well, which is the easiest to get into?
Why would you ask me that?
None of them, that's the point. My friend Eduardo made $300,000 betting oil futures one summer and Eduardo won't come close to getting in. The ability to make money doesn't impress anybody around here.
You can read the weather you can predict the price of heating oil. I think you asked me that because you think the final club that's easiest to get into is the one where I'll have the best chance.
You asked me which one was the easiest to get into because you think that that's the one where I'll have the best chance.
You didn't ask me which one was the best one, you asked me which one was the easiest one.
ERICA You're obsessed with finals clubs. You have finals clubs OCD and you need to see someone about it who'11 prescribe you some sort of medication. You don't care if the side effects may include blindness .
I didn't mean to be cryptic.
Teddy Roosevelt didn't get elected president because he was a member of the Phoenix Club.
Well why don't you just concentrate on being the best you you can be?
I want to try to be straight forward with you and tell you that I think you might want to be a little more supportive. If I get in I'll be taking you...to the events, and the gatherings... and you'll be meeting a lot of people you wouldn't normally get to meet.
You're breaking up with me?
Erica, the reason we're able to sit here and drink right now is cause you used to sleep with the door guy.
Wait, wait, is this real?
Okay, then wait. I apologize, okay?
I'm sorry, I mean it.
You don't have to study. You don't have to study. Let's just talk.
All I meant is that you're not likely to- currently—I wasn't making a comment on your parents —I was just saying you go to B.U., I was stating a fact, that's all, and if it seemed rude then of course I apologize.
You don't have to study.
Because you go to B.U.!
Do you want to get some food?
And I'm sorry I don't have a rowboat so we're even.
I'm under some pressure right now with my OS class and if we could just order food I think we should--
You are probably going to be a very successful computer person.
Erica Albright's a bitch. Do you think that's because her family changed their name from Albrecht or do you think it's because all B.U. girls are bitches? He takes a good gulp of his drink. We see the words we're hearing filling up his computer screen—
The truth is she has a nice face. I need to do something to help me take my mind off her. Easy enough, except I need an idea.
I think he's on to something. TITLE: 10:17 PM
First up is Kirkland. They keep everything open and allow indexes in their Apache configuration, so a little WGET magic is all that's necessary to download the entire Kirkland facebook. Kids' stuff. On the computer screen, we've been seeing him download picture after picture of Harvard girls. THREE COEDS are talking to the BOUNCER. The BOUNCER looks up at TWO HANDSOME CLUB MEMBERS. The MEMBERS give him the nod and the FIVE COEDS are let past the velvet rope. They're led up a half flight of red-carpeted stairs to a party that's about a half-hour away from being in full swing. The CLUB PRESIDENT is addressing the GUESTS from the top of the stairs-- CLUB PRESIDENT Excuse me everybody, you are at one of the oldest, one of the most exclusive clubs—not just at Harvard but in the world—and I want to welcome you all to Phoenix Club's first party of the fall semester.
Next is Elliot. They're also open but with no indexes on Apache. I can run an empty search and it returns all of the images in the database in a single page. Then I can save the page and Mozilla will save all the images for me. Excellent. Moving right along.
Dunster is intense. Not only is there no public directory but there's no—
You and Erica split up?
You think this is such a good idea?
Give each girl a base rating of 1400. At any given time "Girl A" has a rating R-a and "Girl B" has a rating R-b.
Yes. And those expectations are expressed this way.
Who are you gonna send it to?
Just a couple of people. The question is, who are they gonna send it to? We move to a room where there's a co-ed poker game underway with the girls smoking cigars. A bra and a couple of pairs of stockings are out on the table. As we move through the poker room, we see a computer behind one of the players. The computer is indicating that there's e-mail. A PLAYER turns around and opens the e-mail as the poker game and the party go on behind him. He hits a link and FACEMASH opens. He looks at it, then—
This is an awful lot of traffic. Think maybe we should shut it down before we get into trouble.
Go see if it's everybody.
Unless it's a coincidence I think this is us.
So you were called in front of the Ad Board.
You weren't called in front of the Administrative Board?
I was reading from the transcript of her deposition so—
That's really for us to—
Why don't we stretch our legs for a minute, can we do that? It's been almost three hours and frankly you did spend an awful lot of time embarrassing Mr. Zuckerberg with the girl's testimony from the bar.
The site got twenty-two hundred hits within two hours?
Wow. The Harvard Crew is practicing on two-man sculls. There are three boats that are running roughly even with each other and the two-man crews are rowing with all they've got. We're gliding along with them in the water— A CREW MEMBER Those guys are just freakin' fast. And we PULL BACK TO REVEAL that there's a fourth boat which is already five boat lengths ahead of the other three.
Is there anyway to make this a fair fight?
I think we'd have to jump out and drown.
We're genetically identical, science says we'd stay in one place.
I don't know, a three hour low-rate technical row before breakfast, a full course load, studying, another three hours in the tank and then studying. I don't know how we missed it. How much activity was there on this thing that he—
How do you know he was drunk?
I'm way ahead of you.
Cameron Winklevoss. W-I-N-K-L-E-V-O-S-S. Cameron's spelled the usual way.
I've already apologized in the Crimson to the ABHW, to Fuerza Latina and to any women at Harvard who might have been insulted as I take it that they were. As for any charges stemming from the breach of security, I believe I deserve some recognition from this Board.
I believe I pointed out some pretty gaping holes in your system.
That would be impressive except if you'd known what you were looking for you would have seen it written on my dorm room window. As the heavy wooden door from the hearing slams shut behind
Wow, they had to make an example out of you.
I tried to stop you. I know.
How do you do this thing where you manage to get all girls to hate us? Why did I let you—
1 valid bit, 1 modify bit, 1 reference bit and 5 permission bits.
We've never heard that before.
No, you didn't insult our girl— Actually, I don't know.
We should do that. No, we have an idea we want to talk to you about. Do you have a minute?
As MARK is escorted by CAMERON and TYLER toward the club.
Would you like a sandwich or something?
We were talking about CourseMatch.
And you invented something in high school, right?
Anybody try to buy it?
Okay, well. We have something that we've been working on for a while, we think it's great. It's called the HarvardConnection. You create your own page. Interests, bio, friends, pics.
Yeah. How's it different from MySpace or Friendster?
Harvard.edu. The most prestigious e-mail address in the country.
Not to put anything indelicately.
Divya and my brother don't have trouble putting things indelicately.
And we know you've taking it in the shins.
Wow. You'd do that for me?
Our first programmer graduated and went to work at Google. Our second programmer just got overwhelmed with school work.
When did you come to Eduardo?
Do you remember answering in the affirmative?
When did you come to Eduardo with the idea for Facebook.
This doesn't need to be that difficult.
Did you answer affirmatively? When Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss and Divya Narendra asked you to build HarvardConnection, did you say yes?
When did you approach Mr. Saverin with the idea for TheFacebook?
At a party at Alpha Epsilon Pi.
The Jewish fraternity. It was Caribbean Night. The hall has been converted into "Alpha Epsilon Pi Caribbean Night, 2003" and the party is about as lame as it sounds. What's important is that this couldn't be less like the final club party we saw at the beginning if they were playing Pin the Tail on the Donkey. Some potted palm trees have been brought in along with a steel drum set. The man playing the steel drum set has a yarmulke bobby pinned to his thinning hair. A table with a punch bowl and assorted cookies is nearby.
It's not that guys like me are generally attracted to Asian girls. It's that Asian girls are generally attracted to guys like me.
I don't think it's that complicated. They're hot, they're smart, they're not Jewish and they can't dance.
I think I've come up with something.
You got punched by the Phoenix.
Yeah. I think I've come up with something. Come outside.
I can't stare at that loop of Niagara Falls which has nothing to do with the Caribbean.
People came to Facemash in a stampede, right?
It wasn't because they saw pictures of hot girls. You can go anywhere on the internet and see pictures of hot girls.
It was because they saw pictures of girls that they knew . People want to go on the internet and check out their friends. Why not build a website that offers that? Friends, pictures, profiles, whatever you can...visit, browse around, maybe it's somebody you just met at a party. I'm not talking about a dating site. I'm talking about taking the entire social experience of college and putting it online.
I know, I'm totally psyched about this, too. But Wardo—
You'd have to know the people on the site to get past your own page. Like getting punched.
Wardo, it's like a Final Club except we're the president.
We're gonna need a little start-up cash to rent the servers and get it online.
We'll split it 70-30. 70 for me 30 for you for putting up the thousand dollars and handling for everything on the business end. You're CFO.
I said "Let's do it".
Why do you think he said that?
Sy, if you'll let me continue with my line of questioning--
They're suggesting I was jealous of Eduardo for getting punched by the Phoenix and began a plan to screw him out of a company I hadn't even invented yet. 42.
Stop typing, we're off the record.
I'11 let you know how the party is.
We recognize that you're a plaintiff in one suit involving Facebook and a witness in another.
At any time in the weeks prior to Mark's telling you his idea, did he mention Tyler Winklevoss, Cameron Winklevoss, Divya Narendra or HarvardConnection? 43.
"These guys" meaning my clients.
Were you aware that while Mr. Zuckerberg was building TheFacebook he was also communicating with the plaintiffs?
You're offering a conclusion not found in evidence.
From Mark Zuckerberg to Tyler Winklevoss. November 30, 2003. "I read over all the stuff you sent me re Harvard Connection and it seems like it shouldn't take too long to implement, so we can talk about it after I get all the basic functionality up tomorrow night." The whiteboard is filled with diagrams now--login page,
From Mark Zuckerberg to Cameron Winklevoss. December 1, 2003. "Sorry I was unreachable tonight. I just got about three of your missed calls. I was working on a problem set for my systems class."
From Mark Zuckerberg to Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss. December 10, 2003. "This week has been pretty busy thus far with classes and work so I think it's probably best to postpone the meeting."
"I'm also really busy tomorrow." Anybody else feel like there's something up with this guy?
Hey, guess what? I made the second cut.
I'll get outa here. The MUSIC CONTINUES—
"I won't really be free to meet until next Wednesday afternoon."
"...have to cancel Wednesday afternoon. I've basically been in the lab this whole time and also..."
"Won't be able to do Saturday as I have to meet up with my parents to..." The MUSIC CONTINUES—
1) Harvard was founded in 1636, not 1638. 2) Harvard wasn't founded by John Harvard and 3) That's not John Harvard.
A friend of the sculptor, Daniel Chester.
39 days after Mr. Zuckerberg's initial meeting with my clients and he still hadn't completed work on HarvardConnection. But on January 11, 2004 — A website called Network Solutions is up on Mark's screen. He hits a couple of keys and waits intently. Then the computer shows him what he wanted to see— www.theFacebook.com—DOMAIN NAME REGISTERED
To the best of your knowledge, had he even begun work on HarvardConnection?
What in the world is this? "Hey Cameron. I'm still a little skeptical that we have enough functionality in the site to really draw the attention and gain the critical mass necessary to get a site like this to run. We'll speak soon."
That's correct. He had 42 days to study our system and get out ahead on—
Did I use any of your code?
Can I continue with my deposition?
I can't wait to stand over your shoulder and watch you write us a check.
There's a girl in your art history class. Her name is Stephanie Attis. Do you happen to know if she has a boyfriend?
Have you ever seen her with anyone? And if not, do you happen to know if she's looking to go out with anyone?
We were supposed to meet at 9.
I have to add something.
Shit. That looks good. That looks really good.
"Relationship Status", "Interested In", This is what drives life at college. Are you having sex or aren't you. It's why people take certain classes, and sit where they sit, and do what they do, and at its, urn, center, you know, that's what theFacebook is gonna be about. People are gonna log on because after all the cake and watermelon there's a chance they're actually gonna--
That was it. And here's the masthead.
"Eduardo Saverin. Co-Founder and CFO."
You have no idea what that's going to mean to my father.
When's it gonna go live?
Why do we need my laptop?
I'm not sure if it's gonna be cool with them that I spam their—
No, I know it's not spam--
I haven't gotten in yet.
These guys. They're literary geniuses because the world's most obvious Lewis Carroll reference—
Mark? Are you praying? THE KROKODILOES, Harvard's oldest male a Capella group, are singing at the front of the hall in their usual uniform of white tie and tails for a packed crowd of students and parents. Incongruously, but with surprisingly nice results, the group is covering a song from All-4-One —"I Swear "—and the pub full of students is loving it.
Honey, you should put the laptop away.
K.C.— She clicks on the link— FEMALE FRIEND What is it?
It's fine. He starts out again, then comes back for his coat, grabs it, starts out and falls down all over again. Finally he's got it together and flies out of the pub and we
Hey! The twins are in the zone and don't pay any attention.
Not now, we need 20 minutes.
Mark Zuckerberg stole our website. It's been live for more than 36 hours.
Ty, the lawyer's on the phone with Dad. I'm here with my brother, Tyler, and our business partner, Divya.
Yes sir, he's quoted a couple of times. I can read it to you, "'Everyone's been talking a lot about a universal facebook within Harvard', he says"--he meaning Mark—"'I think it's kind of silly that it would take the University a couple of years to get around to it. I can do a classier job than they can and I did in a week. '"
I know, that's how he talks.
Yeah, Divya was just reading that 650 students signed up for it on the first day.
And this guy doesn't have three friends to rub together to make a fourth.
This is a good guy?
We know that he stole our idea. We know he lied to our faces for a month and a half while he--
TYLER) He never saw our faces! He lied to our e- mail accounts and he got himself a 42-day head start because he knows what apparently you don't which is that getting there first is everything 1
Alright. That was your father's lawyer?
No, I wanna hire the Sopranos to beat the shit out of him with a hammer.
How much more information are you waiting for? We met with Mark three times, we exchanged 52 e-mails, we can prove that he looked at the code— What is that on the bottom of the page?
Shit, I need a second to let the classiness waft over me.
Cam. They wrote, "Zuckerberg said that he hoped the privacy options would help to restore his reputation following student outrage over Facemash.com". That's exactly what WE said to him. He's giving us the finger in the Crimson. Now while we're waiting for Dad's lawyer to look this stuff over, we can at least—
—get something going in the paper so that people know--
That this thing is in dispute.
I don't understand, why not?
Because we're gentlemen of Harvard. This is Harvard. You don't plant stories and you don't sue people.
During the time when you say you had this idea, did you know Tyler and Cameron came from a family of means?
Did you know that his father was wealthy.
It's not important that you be sure why I'm asking you.
I had no idea whether they came from money or not.
They'd demonstrated to you an interest in this kind of thing so—
Your best friend is suing you for 600- million dollars.
Eduardo, what happened after the initial launch?
We already went through this on the-- nevermind. Mr. Saverin, what happened after the initial—
Everyone on campus was using it. "Facebook me" was a common expression after two weeks.
Mark was the biggest thing on a campus that included 19 Nobel Laureates, 15 Pulitzer Prize winners, two future Olympians and a movie star.
Your friend—is that Mark Zuckerberg?
Yeah. I mean it's both of ours--but, yeah we—yes.
Very nice to meet you.
Certainly. Absolutely I will do that.
She said "Facebook me" and we can all go for a drink later. Which is stunningly great for two reasons. One, she said "Facebook me". Right? And the other is, you know--
Yes I Have you ever heard so many different good things packed into one regular-sized sentence?
It's time to monetize the thing.
Did you hear what I said?
I said it's time to monetize the site.
It means it's time for the website to generate revenue.
Well I wasn't thinking Mountain Dew but at some point—and I'm talking as the business end of the company—the site—
When will it be finished?
MARK Fashion. Fashion is never finished.
I'm talking about the idea of it and I'm saying it's never finished.
When did you get this?
They're saying—the Winklevoss twins are saying you stole their idea.
They find it to be intellectual property theft. Why--
—why didn't you show this to me?
They're saying we stole theFacebook from Divya Narendra and the Wink—
Don't screw around with me now. Look at me.
The letter says we could face legal action.
It's from a lawyer, Mark. They must feel they have some grounds for—
Why didn't you show me the letter?
If there's something wrong—if there's ever anything wrong—you can tell me. I'm the guy that wants to help. This is our thing. Is there anything you need to tell me?
What are we doing about this?
"—the lack of hardware we had to deal with, site use, the lack of promotion that would go on to successfully launch the website--
Gentlemen. I'm talking about at the meeting in January to which this letter is referring.
Let me re-phrase this. You sent my clients 16 e-mails. In the first 15, you didn't raise any concerns.
In the 16th e-mail you raised concerns about the site's functionality. Were you leading them on for six weeks?
Why hadn't you raised any of these concerns before?
Mr. Zuckerberg, do I have your full attention?
Do you think I deserve it?
Do you think I deserve your full attention?
Okay. "No" you don't think I deserve your attention.
I've got 12:45. Why don't we say that's lunch.
So, what were their names?
Sorry. It'll just be a minute. Some girls are freshening up in there. CLUB GUY Sweet. The guy goes off.
I think I'm good right here.
I don't know if you heard about this new website I launched.
That's why I wanted to talk to you. If we could just--
That's why I came over.
I didn't end up doing that.
No, there's no problem. You write your snide bullshit from a dark room because that's what the angry do nowadays. I was nice to you. Don't torture me for it.
If we could just go somewhere for a minute—
Hey, that was great. That was the right thing to do. You apologized, right?
Is he mad about something?
We're expanding to Yale and Columbia. Dustin, I want you to share the coding work with me. Chris, you're going to be in charge of publicity and outreach and you can start by getting a story in the B.U. student newspaper. The Bridge.
Somebody at the newspaper will be a computer science major. Tell 'em Mark Zuckerberg will do 10 hours of free programming.
Because I do. Here's the arrangement. Eduardo is CFO and owns 30% of the company. Dustin is Vice President and Head of Programming and his 5% of the company will come from my end. Chris is Director of Publicity and his compensation will depend on the amount of work he ends up doing. Any questions?
CHRISTY Is there anything we can do?
Stanford. It's time for them to see this in Palo Alto.
You don't want any lunch?
You're welcome to some salad.
I'm Marylin Delpy, I introduced myself—
I'm a second year associate at the firm. My boss wanted me to sit in on the deposition phase.
They don't have roads but they have Facebook?
You must really hate the Winklevoss's.
He's expanding to Yale, Columbia and Stanford, it'll be in the Crimson tomorrow.
I want to hire a lawyer to file for injunctive relief and get this website taken down now'.
Every minute the site is up. Harvard Connection becomes less valuable. I want an injunction, I want damages, I want punitive relief and I want him dead.
Then why aren't we doing anything about it?! Because we're gentlemen of Harvard?!
He's violated Massachusetts state law. When he goes to Connecticut, New York and California he'll have violated federal law. And by the way, he's in violation of Harvard law.
Harvard Student Handbook. Every freshman is issued one of these. Somewhere in this book it says—
You can't get a meeting with Larry Summers.
I'm sorry, I'm late for Bio-Chem.
You don't know my name, do you?
I should just kick your ass. How can you go to a party, meet--
Tu fais 1 1 amour a la jolie fille et la mets de cote.
Where did you go to school?
Seriously, you're not like 15 years old or anything are you?
No. So what do you do?
What was your latest preneur?
I just slept with Sean Parker?
This is blowing my mind.
I have to hop in the shower and get ready for class.
There's juice or anything else you can find. Help yourself.
Amy? She can't hear him in the shower.
Jesus. He gets up and goes to the bathroom door—
There's a snake in here, Amy. What?!
Are you kidding me?! I could have been killed!
By running too fast...and getting twisted in the curtain—What do you need to ask me?
After you passed out last night I went on theFacebook for a little bit.
TheFacebook? Stanford's had it for like two weeks now it's really awesome except it's freakishly addictive. Seriously, I'm on the thing like five times a day.
I've never been in this building before.
Good morning, sir. I'm Cameron Winklevoss and this is my brother, Tyler. SUMMERS reaches to the top of a pile of papers and pulls a ten- page letter off the top.
I'm sorry, I thought you were reading the letter.
We came up with an idea for a website called HarvardConnection--we've since changed the name to ConnectU—and Mark Zuckerberg stole that idea and—
Well sir, in The Harvard Student Handbook , which is distributed to each freshman—under the heading "Standards of Conduct in the Harvard Community"— SUMMERS can't help an agonized sigh—
...or unauthorized use will result in disciplinary action. Including requirement to withdraw from the college.
What my brother and I came here today to ask of you, respectfully of course, is that--
Yes sir, and the House Master made a recommendation to the Ad Board but the Ad Board won't see us.
Mr. Zuckerberg hasn't been responding to any of our e-mails or phone calls for the last two weeks. He doesn't answer when we knock on his door at Kirkland and the closest we've come to dealing with him face to face is when I saw him on the quad and chased him through Harvard Square.
I saw him and I know he saw me and I went after him but he disappeared.
Of course this is a University issue. There's a code of ethics and an honor code and he violated them both.
I'm sorry President Summers, what you just said makes no sense to me at all.
What my brother means is that if Mark Zuckerberg walked into our dorm room and stole our computer that would be a university issue, right?
This idea is potentially worth millions of dollars.
Sir, I honestly don't think you're in any position to make that call.
Letting our imaginations run away with us is exactly what we were told to do in your freshmen address.
I'm sorry, but that's not the point.
You don't have to be an intellectual property expert to understand the difference between right and wrong.
Of course I'm not saying that.
We've never asked for special treatment.
Well you could take the Harvard Student Handbook and shoved it up—
I broke your 335 year old doorknob.
As CFO, I'd set up some meetings with potential advertisers.
It was paid for out of the thousand dollar account I'd set up a few months earlier.
Can I re-phrase my answer?
I wish he'd been asleep.
...and we're at 29 schools now with over 75,000 members. People who go on theFacebook tend to stay on longer than almost any other site, now here's the most impressive statistic—91% of people who try it once will come back. Now if you'll allow me—
It wasn't a "tsk", it was uh...hmm...like a glottal stop. Almost a gag reflex.
There was one more meeting scheduled for the New York trip.
Would you say that Mark was excited about this meeting?
They're not gonna card us.
Tell him they're not gonna card us.
Unless you're the Ballet Theatre of Hartford, the purpose of a business is to make a profit.
That's tough for me because my job is to— nevermind.
I honestly wasn't jealous. I was nervous.
I didn't know him at all but I'd done a search and I'd asked around. He struck me as kind of a wild card.
He crashed out of two pretty big internet companies in spectacular fashion and he's had a reputation with drugs.
And he does own a watch.
Take your time. And he does own a watch.
You must be Eduardo. And Christy. And Mark, it's great to meet you.
You guys don't have anything in front of you. Tori.
Can you bring out some things. The lacquered pork with that ginger confit? Tuna tartar and a lobster claws, that'll get us started. Christy, what do you like to drink?
The question was "What did you talk about?"
I didn't want to spend my 20's as a professional defendant. Who knew—the music industry doesn't have a sense of humor. We tried to sell the company to pay the 35 million they said we owed in royalties but I guess to them that was a little like selling a stolen car to pay for the stolen gas. So we said screw it and declared bankruptcy.
And you are dry. Tori?
And then he went on to his second business venture, which was an online rolodex that he got thrown out of by Case Equity.
I'm not a psychiatrist, but--
You're not a psychiatrist but what?
They'll hire private detectives who'll follow you day and night. You're a target for high priced escorts. I can't prove it but I know they tapped my phones. Whatever it is that's gonna trip you up you've done already. Private behavior is a relic of a time gone by. And if somehow, someway, you've managed to live your life like the Dalai Lama then they'll make shit up. Because they don't want you, they want your idea and then they want you to say thank you while you— excuse me—wipe your chin and walk away.
You didn't bring down the record companies. They won.
And he told story after story about life in Silicon Valley, and parties at Stanford and down in LA, and friends who'd become millionaires, but mostly how Mark had to-- had to come to California. And then he got around to theFacebook.
Well...we're in 29 schools now and we have over 75,000 members—
Okay. For instance, we wanted Baylor in Texas but Baylor already had a social network on campus so instead of going right after them, we made a list of every school within a hundred miles—
Pretty soon all the Baylor kids were seeing their friends on our site we were in.
Thank you, it was mine.
Settle an argument for us, would you? I say it's time to start making money from theFacebook but Mark doesn't want advertising. Who's right?
And that's where you're headed. A billion dollar valuation. Unless you take bad advice in which case you may as well have come up with a chain of very successful yogurt shops. When you go fishing you can catch a lot of fish or you can catch a big fish. You ever walk into a guy's den and see a picture of him standing next to fourteen trout?
Okay, but we all know that marlins don't really weigh 3000 pounds, right?
I haven't but I don't think the guy's holding a marlin the size of a Range Rover. That would be a really big fish and a very strong guy.
I don't have a dog in this fight. I'm just a fan who came to say hi.
He picked up the check, he told Mark they'd talk again soon and he was gone. But not before he made his biggest contribution to the company.
You want to end the party at eleven.
There won't be a party unless it's cool, What'd you think?
I meant catching the marlin instead of the 14 trout. Doesn't that sound good?
I'm going to enter this into the record. Incorporation papers for Facebook, an LLC registered in Florida-- Why Florida?
—and ask the respondent to stipulate that the articles of incorporation state the ownership as follows: 65 percent for Mark Zuckerberg, 30 percent for Eduardo Saverin and 5 percent for Dustin Moskovitz.
And that was April 13th, 2004.
Do you have anything here?
Oh come one, this is bullshit, this is another club playing a prank.
They identify you as one of the founders of Facebook. "Junior Eduardo Saverin"-- I'm not the expert but being connected to torturing animals is probably bad for business.
No and settle down please. I have here an article from the Crimson —
Somebody's gonna have to answer for this.
The dining hall was serving chicken for dinner and I had to feed my chicken so I just...I took little pieces of chicken and I gave it to the chicken. Someone must have seen me because the next thing I knew I was being accused of forced cannibalism.
I didn't know you can't do that. I dealt with the various animal rights groups, I dealt with the Associate Dean of the College, this was all resolved.
Someone from the Pore or the Fly must have reported it. For all I know it was the Winklevosses.
This is absurd. I'm being accused of animal cruelty. It's better to be accused of necrophilia.
I'm going to have to explain this to my father, I'm going to have to explain this to everybody, I'm going to have to—what is happening on that ?
I have my final coming up for "Postwar and Contemporary Art" and I haven't been to class. I'm supposed to write about those four paintings.
Yeah, I opened it under an alias. I posted the paintings and asked people to comment. Every once in a while I hop on and stir the pot to get a good debate going.
I'd rather not answer that, Gretchen.
Because I'm not suing him for cheating on his final exam that's not what friends do.
Oops . You told your lawyers I was torturing animals?!
That reminds me, we're gonna need more money, Wardo.
—I'm interviewing two interns to come to Palo Alto and we're gonna have to pay them something.
I already found a house for rent on a street two blocks from the Stanford campus. It's perfect and it's got a pool.
You mean when did I actually decide?
He was right. California's the place we've gotta be.
I didn't know you guys got The Beverly Hillbillies in Bra—
What's your problem with Sean?
He's got connections to VCs.
—as someone who's just really embarrassed the company in a bad way I wouldn't—
You don't think it was strange that he was followed by private detectives?
Enough to get him out of the company. The drugs, the girls--
You can read about it.
Don't fish eat other fish?! The marlins and the trout?!
I'm interviewing interns at 10 tomorrow night in the CS lab. Get on board with this, man. You know, I don't know what else to say.
They have 10 minutes to get root access to a Python Webserver, expose its SSL encryption and then intercept all traffic over its secure port.
Yes, all behind a Pix Firewall Emulator. But here's the beauty.
Every 10th line of code written, they have to drink a shot. And hacking's supposed to be stealth, so anytime the server detects an intrusion, the candidate responsible has to drink a shot. I also have a program running that has a pop-up window appear simultaneously on all five computers—the last candidate to hit the window has to drink a shot. Plus every three minutes they all have to drink a shot.
Can I ask—what part of the interns' jobs will they need to be able to do drunk?
I opened a new account and put $18,000 in it. Will that get you through the summer?
Welcome to Facebook. The place ERUPTS. The pretty ASIAN GIRL hits an mp3 player that's been hooked up to speakers and a Dr. Dre song blares out—" California , it's time to party..." The two winners are hugging each other and getting wild congratulations from the crowd.
In addition to the $1000 you'd already put up.
A total of $19,000 now.
I'm just checking your math on that. Yes, I got the same thing.
After expressing misgivings about Mr. Zuckerberg taking the company and moving it to California for the summer, why did you put $18,000 in an account for his use?
Yikes. And at that moment a stray brick drops from the roof and crashes through a glass patio table. From inside the DOORBELL RINGS—
I didn't know we had a doorbell.
No, he's wired in. INTERN [IAN] That's gonna cut into the security deposit.
No. You live across the street?
This is my—Sharon. She lives across the street I was helping her move out when we saw the chimney—
You made the right choice.
This house and this team are great. It's exactly what it should be.
He's got an internship in New York.
I was crashing there for a little bit while I'm taking care of some things. But she's done for the summer so she's back at her parents' place. BEAUTIFUL WOMAN #1 (BRIANNA) The homeless rock star of Palo Alto.
I asked what your plan—
Okay. BEAUTIFUL WOMAN #2 (KELSEY) I'll go with you. The two girls exit—
She looks familiar to a lot of people.
A Stanford MBA named Roy Raymond wants to buy his wife some lingerie but he's too embarrassed to shop for it in a department store. He comes up with an idea for a high end place that doesn't make you feel like a pervert. He gets a $40,000 bank loan and borrows another forty-thousand from his in-laws, opens a store and calls it Victoria's Secret. He makes a half-million dollars his first year.
Oh, you know, that was—
Do you ever think about the girl?
The one—the girl in high school who was— with the lacrosse thing.
A hundred schools by the end of the summer?
Tell you what, gesture of good faith. While you're getting into a hundred schools. I'll put you on two continents.
Let's line up some shots. Excuse me.
You can take this away and bring out the 1942.
This is my brother, Cameron.
Of course. Brilliant race. I've never seen a race that close.
My grandfather. Jack Kelly, was one of the premiere rowers of his day. I've been coming to Henley for 30 years and I've never seen a race that close. Have you seen a race that close?
No, Your Highness. Mile and a half races are more commonly won by a boat length or two.
May I introduce my teammates? This is Dave, he's our—
I'm sorry you had to fly all the way over to see that.
I just wanted him to tell me a couple more times how close the race was a couple of more times. Brutal. It was brutally close. Excruciatingly brutal. Never seen a race so excruciatingly JESUS!
Cam, the guy's the prince of a country the size of Nantucket, relax it's fine— MR. WINKLEVOSS has made his way over— MR. WINKLEVOSS Boys.
Mr. Winklevoss. MR. WINKLEVOSS That was a tough beat.
Oh. Mr. Kenwright. Dad, this is Mr. Kenwright, the head of our host family this week.
Your daughter doesn't go to school in the States?
They have Facebook at Cambridge?
I'm gonna watch the race film. If this online I wanna see it.
Screw it. Let's gut the freakin' nerd.
That's what I'm talking about. There's a thunderstorm going on outside and rain is beating
Check it out, I saw him today. Manningham, Mitchell Manningham, my Case Equity guy--hang on. Are you guys using spikes or ghost missiles? GIRL #1 We don't know, we're just shooting at each other. The DOORBELL RINGS but no one pays attention—
I saw him getting into his turbo Carerra and he saw me too, I know he did. Don't sweat it, I'm on a land line.
Does, anybody hear that banging?
Dude, somebody's at the door.
It's not a dish best served cold. It's best served immediately and relentlessly.
I'm gonna call you back. What's up?
He was on a 36 hour coding tear so he took a nap for a couple of hours.
Back to work. GIRL #2 The more bad I get at this, the more wasted I get. I meant the more—
How old are they, Sean?
Sean, how old are they?
You've gotta see some of the new stuff we've got. Dustin, show him the wall. I'm just calling it the wall.
Why's he setting up meetings?
I don't care if he's an actual angel, why's he setting up business meetings?
No, I've had a long wait on the tarmac at JFK, then a long wait at the passenger loading and unloading zone at SFO and in between there was a long flight. I'm the business end of this company and he's a house guest living here rent-free on a generous grant from the Eduardo Saverin Foundation.
Want to talk to me alone for a minute? Sure.
Bong hit! GIRL #2 I'm so high.
How's it going? How's the internship? How's Christy?
I do remember you saying that. How's Christy?
Still, it's nice you have a girlfriend.
You gotta move out here, Wardo, this is where it's all happening.
I'm afraid if you don't come out here you're going to get left behind. I want— I want—I need you out here, please don't tell him I said that.
It's moving faster than any of us ever even imagined and—
It's moving fast and Sean even thinks that--
We have over 300,000 members, Wardo, we're in 160 schools including—
We need more servers than I ever imagined we'd need. We need more programmers. And we need more money. And he set up the Thiel meeting. He's set up meetings all around town.
And how's it going so far?!!
I'd like to freeze this bank account and cancel all existing checks and lines of credit.
Yeah, sure. 80 stories of polished granite.
No problem. You know this is where they filmed Towering Inferno.
You scared me. I need you to knock.
I got back this afternoon.
Chris, it was kind of a rough trip and I was tired and--
I did, and I thought that was incredibly normal behavior.
I brought you a present.
I was single when I set up the page.
It's a little embarrassing so you should take it as a sign of trust that I would tell you that.
That is not even remotely true and I can promise you that the Silicon Valley sluts don't care what anyone's relationship status is on Facebook. Please, open your present.
Oh, your phone does work.
Okay, this is gonna be tricky. Here, open your present. It's a silk scarf.
I had to get your attention, Mark.
We ' ve been working on.
If the servers are down for even a day, our entire reputation is irreversibly destroyed. Users are fickle. Friendster has proven that fact.
Holy shit! What is wrong with you?
That was the act of a child, not a businessman.
I'm sorry. I was angry and maybe it was childish. But I had to get your attention.
Yes. Also I'm breaking up with you. A glass conference room in the corner of a glass bullpen on a high floor of a high rise. Cartons are being unpacked, computers are everywhere along with bags of potato chips and boxes of cereal.
How many shares of stock will I own?
Because you may need to dilute it to award shares to new investors.
Economics. LAWYER #2 You should know that Mark's already taken his percentage from 60 down to 51.
I can live with that.
Could you please repeat the question?
Yes, would you read it back, please.
No. It was insanely stupid of me not to have my own lawyers look over all the...the, uh...in all honesty I thought they were my lawyers. I was your only friend. You had one friend. My father won't even look at me.
There was a lot of handshaking and a lot of congratulations. He'd already told me that he wouldn't be coming back to school for at least a semester so we were saying goodbye for a while. And then before I left, he said—
Remember the algorithm on the window at Kirkland?
Yeah, I'll be here. A brand new black Escalade pulls up in front of a gleaming
What else did the e-mail say?
I went out to California and I went straight to the new offices. And it's clear that we're in the offices of a new, high-tech, very successful internet company. The Facebook logo in blue metallic letters on the wall, the maple desks, new computer monitors, carpeting, a wall covered in graffiti by an artist commissioned for the job and tons of young employees.
Because I wasn't called out there for either one.
At first I thought he was joking, giving me more contracts to sign. But then I started reading.
How 'bout now, are you still wired in?
You issued over 24-million new shares of stock.
How much were your shares diluted? How much were his?!
It's gonna be like I'm not part of Facebook.
My name's on the masthead.
This is because I froze the account?
Sorry, my Prada's at the cleaners along with my hoodie and my fuck-you flip-flops you pretentious douchebag.
I'm not signing those papers.
Tell me this isn't about me getting into the Phoenix!
What is he talking about?
Seriously, what the hell's the chicken?
I almost forgot, there's your $19,000. I wouldn't cash it, though, I drew it on the account you froze.
I like standing next to you, Sean. It makes me look so tough.
That's it, that's our show for tonight, people. So I want to see everybody here geared up for a party. We're gonna walk down to the club like it's the Macy's Parade. Mackey, put it up on the big screen, we've gotta be almost there. A young employee hits a remote and a few keys on his computer and a huge flat-screen displays a Facebook page with a read¬ out of the number of members. 999,942 There's scattered applause and excitement as everyone watches.
That's life in the NFL.
Listen, I'm putting together a party—
He almost killed it. I'll send flowers. Speaking of flowers, I'm putting together a party after the party at Kappa Eta Sigma. Ashleigh's a sister.
Ashleigh? Me? No. A little bit. Oh no, do you like her? Dude--
We were just talkin' about you.
Put them on my desk. ASHLEIGH puts the small package on Mark's desk.
Refresh! MACKEY hits the "refresh" key and the big screen shows-- 1 , 000,046
The next transformative development? A picture sharing application. A place where you view pictures that coincide with your social life. It is...the true digitalization of real life. You don't just go to a party anymore, you go to a party with your digital camera and your friends relive the party on Facebook. And tagging. The idea-- SORORITY GIRL #2 Would this be easier without the bra? FRATERNITY GUY It's worth finding out. The girls start happily slipping off their bras--
How they check their friends' status updates, checked to see which of their friends had changed their profiles, changed their photos and mostly...
We lived on farms and then we lived in cities and now we're gonna live on the internet.
It's the cops. And they all spring into action. The girls are putting their
Good to see you officer. What can I do for you?
Was the music too loud? We have a celebration going.
I can have them turn the music down.
That's my inhaler. POLICEMAN #2 How old are you? SORORITY GIRL I'm 21.
It was just a party.
It's cool, I've got it under control.
You don't think Eduardo was involved do you? Do you think--
Or Manningham. One of them. Somebody. Somebody sent that coke in their 'cause it got in there. You believe me. This is gonna be fine, right?
We're done for the day.
I know that. When's there's emotional testimony I assume 85% of it is exaggeration.
Perjury. Creation myths need a devil.
Sy and the others are having a steak on University Ave. Then they'll come back up to the office and start working on a settlement agreement to present to you.
Oh yeah. And you're gonna have to pay a little extra.
So that these guys sign a non-disclosure agreement. They say one unflattering word about you in public and you own their wife and kids.
I'm talking about a jury. I specialize in voir dire--jury selection. And what the jury sees when they look at the defendant. Clothes, hair, speaking style, likability—
I've been licensed to practice law for all of 20 months and I could get a jury to believe you planted the story about Eduardo and the chicken. Watch what else. Why weren't you at Sean's sorority party that night?
Doesn't matter. I asked the question and now everybody's thinking about it. You've lost your jury in the first 10 minutes.
Pay them. In the scheme of things it's a speeding ticket. That's what Sy will tell you tomorrow.
I can't imagine it would be a problem.
You're not an asshole, Mark. You're just trying so hard to be.
Did you know there are more people with genius IQ's living in China than there are people of any kind living in the United States?
Well, first, an awful lot of people live in China. But here's my question:
I didn't know they take SAT's in China.
Does that mean you actually got nothing wrong?
Or you can get into a final club.
You know, from a woman's perspective, sometimes not singing in an a Capella group is a good thing?
On the other hand I do like guys who row crew.
Maybe, but sometimes you say two things at once and I'm not sure which one I'm supposed to be aiming at.
I guess I just meant I liked the idea of it. The way a girl likes cowboys.
Should we get something to eat?
No, it's just since the beginning of the conversation about finals club I think I may have missed a birthday. There are really more people in China with genius IQ's than the entire population of—
Is it true that they send a bus around to pick up girls who want to party with the next Fed Chairman?
Okay, well, which is the easiest to get into?
Why would you ask me that?
None of them, that's the point. My friend Eduardo made $300,000 betting oil futures one summer and Eduardo won't come close to getting in. The ability to make money doesn't impress anybody around here.
You can read the weather you can predict the price of heating oil. I think you asked me that because you think the final club that's easiest to get into is the one where I'll have the best chance.
You asked me which one was the easiest to get into because you think that that's the one where I'll have the best chance.
You didn't ask me which one was the best one, you asked me which one was the easiest one.
ERICA You're obsessed with finals clubs. You have finals clubs OCD and you need to see someone about it who'11 prescribe you some sort of medication. You don't care if the side effects may include blindness .
I didn't mean to be cryptic.
Teddy Roosevelt didn't get elected president because he was a member of the Phoenix Club.
Well why don't you just concentrate on being the best you you can be?
I want to try to be straight forward with you and tell you that I think you might want to be a little more supportive. If I get in I'll be taking you...to the events, and the gatherings... and you'll be meeting a lot of people you wouldn't normally get to meet.
You're breaking up with me?
Erica, the reason we're able to sit here and drink right now is cause you used to sleep with the door guy.
Wait, wait, is this real?
Okay, then wait. I apologize, okay?
I'm sorry, I mean it.
You don't have to study. You don't have to study. Let's just talk.
All I meant is that you're not likely to- currently—I wasn't making a comment on your parents —I was just saying you go to B.U., I was stating a fact, that's all, and if it seemed rude then of course I apologize.
You don't have to study.
Because you go to B.U.!
Do you want to get some food?
And I'm sorry I don't have a rowboat so we're even.
I'm under some pressure right now with my OS class and if we could just order food I think we should--
You are probably going to be a very successful computer person.
Erica Albright's a bitch. Do you think that's because her family changed their name from Albrecht or do you think it's because all B.U. girls are bitches? He takes a good gulp of his drink. We see the words we're hearing filling up his computer screen—
The truth is she has a nice face. I need to do something to help me take my mind off her. Easy enough, except I need an idea.
I think he's on to something. TITLE: 10:17 PM
First up is Kirkland. They keep everything open and allow indexes in their Apache configuration, so a little WGET magic is all that's necessary to download the entire Kirkland facebook. Kids' stuff. On the computer screen, we've been seeing him download picture after picture of Harvard girls. THREE COEDS are talking to the BOUNCER. The BOUNCER looks up at TWO HANDSOME CLUB MEMBERS. The MEMBERS give him the nod and the FIVE COEDS are let past the velvet rope. They're led up a half flight of red-carpeted stairs to a party that's about a half-hour away from being in full swing. The CLUB PRESIDENT is addressing the GUESTS from the top of the stairs-- CLUB PRESIDENT Excuse me everybody, you are at one of the oldest, one of the most exclusive clubs—not just at Harvard but in the world—and I want to welcome you all to Phoenix Club's first party of the fall semester.
Next is Elliot. They're also open but with no indexes on Apache. I can run an empty search and it returns all of the images in the database in a single page. Then I can save the page and Mozilla will save all the images for me. Excellent. Moving right along.
Dunster is intense. Not only is there no public directory but there's no—
You and Erica split up?
You think this is such a good idea?
Give each girl a base rating of 1400. At any given time "Girl A" has a rating R-a and "Girl B" has a rating R-b.
Yes. And those expectations are expressed this way.
Who are you gonna send it to?
Just a couple of people. The question is, who are they gonna send it to? We move to a room where there's a co-ed poker game underway with the girls smoking cigars. A bra and a couple of pairs of stockings are out on the table. As we move through the poker room, we see a computer behind one of the players. The computer is indicating that there's e-mail. A PLAYER turns around and opens the e-mail as the poker game and the party go on behind him. He hits a link and FACEMASH opens. He looks at it, then—
This is an awful lot of traffic. Think maybe we should shut it down before we get into trouble.
Go see if it's everybody.
Unless it's a coincidence I think this is us.
So you were called in front of the Ad Board.
You weren't called in front of the Administrative Board?
I was reading from the transcript of her deposition so—
That's really for us to—
Why don't we stretch our legs for a minute, can we do that? It's been almost three hours and frankly you did spend an awful lot of time embarrassing Mr. Zuckerberg with the girl's testimony from the bar.
The site got twenty-two hundred hits within two hours?
Wow. The Harvard Crew is practicing on two-man sculls. There are three boats that are running roughly even with each other and the two-man crews are rowing with all they've got. We're gliding along with them in the water— A CREW MEMBER Those guys are just freakin' fast. And we PULL BACK TO REVEAL that there's a fourth boat which is already five boat lengths ahead of the other three.
Is there anyway to make this a fair fight?
I think we'd have to jump out and drown.
We're genetically identical, science says we'd stay in one place.
I don't know, a three hour low-rate technical row before breakfast, a full course load, studying, another three hours in the tank and then studying. I don't know how we missed it. How much activity was there on this thing that he—
How do you know he was drunk?
I'm way ahead of you.
Cameron Winklevoss. W-I-N-K-L-E-V-O-S-S. Cameron's spelled the usual way.
I've already apologized in the Crimson to the ABHW, to Fuerza Latina and to any women at Harvard who might have been insulted as I take it that they were. As for any charges stemming from the breach of security, I believe I deserve some recognition from this Board.
I believe I pointed out some pretty gaping holes in your system.
That would be impressive except if you'd known what you were looking for you would have seen it written on my dorm room window. As the heavy wooden door from the hearing slams shut behind
Wow, they had to make an example out of you.
I tried to stop you. I know.
How do you do this thing where you manage to get all girls to hate us? Why did I let you—
1 valid bit, 1 modify bit, 1 reference bit and 5 permission bits.
We've never heard that before.
No, you didn't insult our girl— Actually, I don't know.
We should do that. No, we have an idea we want to talk to you about. Do you have a minute?
As MARK is escorted by CAMERON and TYLER toward the club.
Would you like a sandwich or something?
We were talking about CourseMatch.
And you invented something in high school, right?
Anybody try to buy it?
Okay, well. We have something that we've been working on for a while, we think it's great. It's called the HarvardConnection. You create your own page. Interests, bio, friends, pics.
Yeah. How's it different from MySpace or Friendster?
Harvard.edu. The most prestigious e-mail address in the country.
Not to put anything indelicately.
Divya and my brother don't have trouble putting things indelicately.
And we know you've taking it in the shins.
Wow. You'd do that for me?
Our first programmer graduated and went to work at Google. Our second programmer just got overwhelmed with school work.
When did you come to Eduardo?
Do you remember answering in the affirmative?
When did you come to Eduardo with the idea for Facebook.
This doesn't need to be that difficult.
Did you answer affirmatively? When Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss and Divya Narendra asked you to build HarvardConnection, did you say yes?
When did you approach Mr. Saverin with the idea for TheFacebook?
At a party at Alpha Epsilon Pi.
The Jewish fraternity. It was Caribbean Night. The hall has been converted into "Alpha Epsilon Pi Caribbean Night, 2003" and the party is about as lame as it sounds. What's important is that this couldn't be less like the final club party we saw at the beginning if they were playing Pin the Tail on the Donkey. Some potted palm trees have been brought in along with a steel drum set. The man playing the steel drum set has a yarmulke bobby pinned to his thinning hair. A table with a punch bowl and assorted cookies is nearby.
It's not that guys like me are generally attracted to Asian girls. It's that Asian girls are generally attracted to guys like me.
I don't think it's that complicated. They're hot, they're smart, they're not Jewish and they can't dance.
I think I've come up with something.
You got punched by the Phoenix.
Yeah. I think I've come up with something. Come outside.
I can't stare at that loop of Niagara Falls which has nothing to do with the Caribbean.
People came to Facemash in a stampede, right?
It wasn't because they saw pictures of hot girls. You can go anywhere on the internet and see pictures of hot girls.
It was because they saw pictures of girls that they knew . People want to go on the internet and check out their friends. Why not build a website that offers that? Friends, pictures, profiles, whatever you can...visit, browse around, maybe it's somebody you just met at a party. I'm not talking about a dating site. I'm talking about taking the entire social experience of college and putting it online.
I know, I'm totally psyched about this, too. But Wardo—
You'd have to know the people on the site to get past your own page. Like getting punched.
Wardo, it's like a Final Club except we're the president.
We're gonna need a little start-up cash to rent the servers and get it online.
We'll split it 70-30. 70 for me 30 for you for putting up the thousand dollars and handling for everything on the business end. You're CFO.
I said "Let's do it".
Why do you think he said that?
Sy, if you'll let me continue with my line of questioning--
They're suggesting I was jealous of Eduardo for getting punched by the Phoenix and began a plan to screw him out of a company I hadn't even invented yet. 42.
Stop typing, we're off the record.
I'11 let you know how the party is.
We recognize that you're a plaintiff in one suit involving Facebook and a witness in another.
At any time in the weeks prior to Mark's telling you his idea, did he mention Tyler Winklevoss, Cameron Winklevoss, Divya Narendra or HarvardConnection? 43.
"These guys" meaning my clients.
Were you aware that while Mr. Zuckerberg was building TheFacebook he was also communicating with the plaintiffs?
You're offering a conclusion not found in evidence.
From Mark Zuckerberg to Tyler Winklevoss. November 30, 2003. "I read over all the stuff you sent me re Harvard Connection and it seems like it shouldn't take too long to implement, so we can talk about it after I get all the basic functionality up tomorrow night." The whiteboard is filled with diagrams now--login page,
From Mark Zuckerberg to Cameron Winklevoss. December 1, 2003. "Sorry I was unreachable tonight. I just got about three of your missed calls. I was working on a problem set for my systems class."
From Mark Zuckerberg to Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss. December 10, 2003. "This week has been pretty busy thus far with classes and work so I think it's probably best to postpone the meeting."
"I'm also really busy tomorrow." Anybody else feel like there's something up with this guy?
Hey, guess what? I made the second cut.
I'll get outa here. The MUSIC CONTINUES—
"I won't really be free to meet until next Wednesday afternoon."
"...have to cancel Wednesday afternoon. I've basically been in the lab this whole time and also..."
"Won't be able to do Saturday as I have to meet up with my parents to..." The MUSIC CONTINUES—
1) Harvard was founded in 1636, not 1638. 2) Harvard wasn't founded by John Harvard and 3) That's not John Harvard.
A friend of the sculptor, Daniel Chester.
39 days after Mr. Zuckerberg's initial meeting with my clients and he still hadn't completed work on HarvardConnection. But on January 11, 2004 — A website called Network Solutions is up on Mark's screen. He hits a couple of keys and waits intently. Then the computer shows him what he wanted to see— www.theFacebook.com—DOMAIN NAME REGISTERED
To the best of your knowledge, had he even begun work on HarvardConnection?
What in the world is this? "Hey Cameron. I'm still a little skeptical that we have enough functionality in the site to really draw the attention and gain the critical mass necessary to get a site like this to run. We'll speak soon."
That's correct. He had 42 days to study our system and get out ahead on—
Did I use any of your code?
Can I continue with my deposition?
I can't wait to stand over your shoulder and watch you write us a check.
There's a girl in your art history class. Her name is Stephanie Attis. Do you happen to know if she has a boyfriend?
Have you ever seen her with anyone? And if not, do you happen to know if she's looking to go out with anyone?
We were supposed to meet at 9.
I have to add something.
Shit. That looks good. That looks really good.
"Relationship Status", "Interested In", This is what drives life at college. Are you having sex or aren't you. It's why people take certain classes, and sit where they sit, and do what they do, and at its, urn, center, you know, that's what theFacebook is gonna be about. People are gonna log on because after all the cake and watermelon there's a chance they're actually gonna--
That was it. And here's the masthead.
"Eduardo Saverin. Co-Founder and CFO."
You have no idea what that's going to mean to my father.
When's it gonna go live?
Why do we need my laptop?
I'm not sure if it's gonna be cool with them that I spam their—
No, I know it's not spam--
I haven't gotten in yet.
These guys. They're literary geniuses because the world's most obvious Lewis Carroll reference—
Mark? Are you praying? THE KROKODILOES, Harvard's oldest male a Capella group, are singing at the front of the hall in their usual uniform of white tie and tails for a packed crowd of students and parents. Incongruously, but with surprisingly nice results, the group is covering a song from All-4-One —"I Swear "—and the pub full of students is loving it.
Honey, you should put the laptop away.
K.C.— She clicks on the link— FEMALE FRIEND What is it?
It's fine. He starts out again, then comes back for his coat, grabs it, starts out and falls down all over again. Finally he's got it together and flies out of the pub and we
Hey! The twins are in the zone and don't pay any attention.
Not now, we need 20 minutes.
Mark Zuckerberg stole our website. It's been live for more than 36 hours.
Ty, the lawyer's on the phone with Dad. I'm here with my brother, Tyler, and our business partner, Divya.
Yes sir, he's quoted a couple of times. I can read it to you, "'Everyone's been talking a lot about a universal facebook within Harvard', he says"--he meaning Mark—"'I think it's kind of silly that it would take the University a couple of years to get around to it. I can do a classier job than they can and I did in a week. '"
I know, that's how he talks.
Yeah, Divya was just reading that 650 students signed up for it on the first day.
And this guy doesn't have three friends to rub together to make a fourth.
This is a good guy?
We know that he stole our idea. We know he lied to our faces for a month and a half while he--
TYLER) He never saw our faces! He lied to our e- mail accounts and he got himself a 42-day head start because he knows what apparently you don't which is that getting there first is everything 1
Alright. That was your father's lawyer?
No, I wanna hire the Sopranos to beat the shit out of him with a hammer.
How much more information are you waiting for? We met with Mark three times, we exchanged 52 e-mails, we can prove that he looked at the code— What is that on the bottom of the page?
Shit, I need a second to let the classiness waft over me.
Cam. They wrote, "Zuckerberg said that he hoped the privacy options would help to restore his reputation following student outrage over Facemash.com". That's exactly what WE said to him. He's giving us the finger in the Crimson. Now while we're waiting for Dad's lawyer to look this stuff over, we can at least—
—get something going in the paper so that people know--
That this thing is in dispute.
I don't understand, why not?
Because we're gentlemen of Harvard. This is Harvard. You don't plant stories and you don't sue people.
During the time when you say you had this idea, did you know Tyler and Cameron came from a family of means?
Did you know that his father was wealthy.
It's not important that you be sure why I'm asking you.
I had no idea whether they came from money or not.
They'd demonstrated to you an interest in this kind of thing so—
Your best friend is suing you for 600- million dollars.
Eduardo, what happened after the initial launch?
We already went through this on the-- nevermind. Mr. Saverin, what happened after the initial—
Everyone on campus was using it. "Facebook me" was a common expression after two weeks.
Mark was the biggest thing on a campus that included 19 Nobel Laureates, 15 Pulitzer Prize winners, two future Olympians and a movie star.
Your friend—is that Mark Zuckerberg?
Yeah. I mean it's both of ours--but, yeah we—yes.
Very nice to meet you.
Certainly. Absolutely I will do that.
She said "Facebook me" and we can all go for a drink later. Which is stunningly great for two reasons. One, she said "Facebook me". Right? And the other is, you know--
Yes I Have you ever heard so many different good things packed into one regular-sized sentence?
It's time to monetize the thing.
Did you hear what I said?
I said it's time to monetize the site.
It means it's time for the website to generate revenue.
Well I wasn't thinking Mountain Dew but at some point—and I'm talking as the business end of the company—the site—
When will it be finished?
MARK Fashion. Fashion is never finished.
I'm talking about the idea of it and I'm saying it's never finished.
When did you get this?
They're saying—the Winklevoss twins are saying you stole their idea.
They find it to be intellectual property theft. Why--
—why didn't you show this to me?
They're saying we stole theFacebook from Divya Narendra and the Wink—
Don't screw around with me now. Look at me.
The letter says we could face legal action.
It's from a lawyer, Mark. They must feel they have some grounds for—
Why didn't you show me the letter?
If there's something wrong—if there's ever anything wrong—you can tell me. I'm the guy that wants to help. This is our thing. Is there anything you need to tell me?
What are we doing about this?
"—the lack of hardware we had to deal with, site use, the lack of promotion that would go on to successfully launch the website--
Gentlemen. I'm talking about at the meeting in January to which this letter is referring.
Let me re-phrase this. You sent my clients 16 e-mails. In the first 15, you didn't raise any concerns.
In the 16th e-mail you raised concerns about the site's functionality. Were you leading them on for six weeks?
Why hadn't you raised any of these concerns before?
Mr. Zuckerberg, do I have your full attention?
Do you think I deserve it?
Do you think I deserve your full attention?
Okay. "No" you don't think I deserve your attention.
I've got 12:45. Why don't we say that's lunch.
So, what were their names?
Sorry. It'll just be a minute. Some girls are freshening up in there. CLUB GUY Sweet. The guy goes off.
I think I'm good right here.
I don't know if you heard about this new website I launched.
That's why I wanted to talk to you. If we could just--
That's why I came over.
I didn't end up doing that.
No, there's no problem. You write your snide bullshit from a dark room because that's what the angry do nowadays. I was nice to you. Don't torture me for it.
If we could just go somewhere for a minute—
Hey, that was great. That was the right thing to do. You apologized, right?
Is he mad about something?
We're expanding to Yale and Columbia. Dustin, I want you to share the coding work with me. Chris, you're going to be in charge of publicity and outreach and you can start by getting a story in the B.U. student newspaper. The Bridge.
Somebody at the newspaper will be a computer science major. Tell 'em Mark Zuckerberg will do 10 hours of free programming.
Because I do. Here's the arrangement. Eduardo is CFO and owns 30% of the company. Dustin is Vice President and Head of Programming and his 5% of the company will come from my end. Chris is Director of Publicity and his compensation will depend on the amount of work he ends up doing. Any questions?
CHRISTY Is there anything we can do?
Stanford. It's time for them to see this in Palo Alto.
You don't want any lunch?
You're welcome to some salad.
I'm Marylin Delpy, I introduced myself—
I'm a second year associate at the firm. My boss wanted me to sit in on the deposition phase.
They don't have roads but they have Facebook?
You must really hate the Winklevoss's.
He's expanding to Yale, Columbia and Stanford, it'll be in the Crimson tomorrow.
I want to hire a lawyer to file for injunctive relief and get this website taken down now'.
Every minute the site is up. Harvard Connection becomes less valuable. I want an injunction, I want damages, I want punitive relief and I want him dead.
Then why aren't we doing anything about it?! Because we're gentlemen of Harvard?!
He's violated Massachusetts state law. When he goes to Connecticut, New York and California he'll have violated federal law. And by the way, he's in violation of Harvard law.
Harvard Student Handbook. Every freshman is issued one of these. Somewhere in this book it says—
You can't get a meeting with Larry Summers.
I'm sorry, I'm late for Bio-Chem.
You don't know my name, do you?
I should just kick your ass. How can you go to a party, meet--
Tu fais 1 1 amour a la jolie fille et la mets de cote.
Where did you go to school?
Seriously, you're not like 15 years old or anything are you?
No. So what do you do?
What was your latest preneur?
I just slept with Sean Parker?
This is blowing my mind.
I have to hop in the shower and get ready for class.
There's juice or anything else you can find. Help yourself.
Amy? She can't hear him in the shower.
Jesus. He gets up and goes to the bathroom door—
There's a snake in here, Amy. What?!
Are you kidding me?! I could have been killed!
By running too fast...and getting twisted in the curtain—What do you need to ask me?
After you passed out last night I went on theFacebook for a little bit.
TheFacebook? Stanford's had it for like two weeks now it's really awesome except it's freakishly addictive. Seriously, I'm on the thing like five times a day.
I've never been in this building before.
Good morning, sir. I'm Cameron Winklevoss and this is my brother, Tyler. SUMMERS reaches to the top of a pile of papers and pulls a ten- page letter off the top.
I'm sorry, I thought you were reading the letter.
We came up with an idea for a website called HarvardConnection--we've since changed the name to ConnectU—and Mark Zuckerberg stole that idea and—
Well sir, in The Harvard Student Handbook , which is distributed to each freshman—under the heading "Standards of Conduct in the Harvard Community"— SUMMERS can't help an agonized sigh—
...or unauthorized use will result in disciplinary action. Including requirement to withdraw from the college.
What my brother and I came here today to ask of you, respectfully of course, is that--
Yes sir, and the House Master made a recommendation to the Ad Board but the Ad Board won't see us.
Mr. Zuckerberg hasn't been responding to any of our e-mails or phone calls for the last two weeks. He doesn't answer when we knock on his door at Kirkland and the closest we've come to dealing with him face to face is when I saw him on the quad and chased him through Harvard Square.
I saw him and I know he saw me and I went after him but he disappeared.
Of course this is a University issue. There's a code of ethics and an honor code and he violated them both.
I'm sorry President Summers, what you just said makes no sense to me at all.
What my brother means is that if Mark Zuckerberg walked into our dorm room and stole our computer that would be a university issue, right?
This idea is potentially worth millions of dollars.
Sir, I honestly don't think you're in any position to make that call.
Letting our imaginations run away with us is exactly what we were told to do in your freshmen address.
I'm sorry, but that's not the point.
You don't have to be an intellectual property expert to understand the difference between right and wrong.
Of course I'm not saying that.
We've never asked for special treatment.
Well you could take the Harvard Student Handbook and shoved it up—
I broke your 335 year old doorknob.
As CFO, I'd set up some meetings with potential advertisers.
It was paid for out of the thousand dollar account I'd set up a few months earlier.
Can I re-phrase my answer?
I wish he'd been asleep.
...and we're at 29 schools now with over 75,000 members. People who go on theFacebook tend to stay on longer than almost any other site, now here's the most impressive statistic—91% of people who try it once will come back. Now if you'll allow me—
It wasn't a "tsk", it was uh...hmm...like a glottal stop. Almost a gag reflex.
There was one more meeting scheduled for the New York trip.
Would you say that Mark was excited about this meeting?
They're not gonna card us.
Tell him they're not gonna card us.
Unless you're the Ballet Theatre of Hartford, the purpose of a business is to make a profit.
That's tough for me because my job is to— nevermind.
I honestly wasn't jealous. I was nervous.
I didn't know him at all but I'd done a search and I'd asked around. He struck me as kind of a wild card.
He crashed out of two pretty big internet companies in spectacular fashion and he's had a reputation with drugs.
And he does own a watch.
Take your time. And he does own a watch.
You must be Eduardo. And Christy. And Mark, it's great to meet you.
You guys don't have anything in front of you. Tori.
Can you bring out some things. The lacquered pork with that ginger confit? Tuna tartar and a lobster claws, that'll get us started. Christy, what do you like to drink?
The question was "What did you talk about?"
I didn't want to spend my 20's as a professional defendant. Who knew—the music industry doesn't have a sense of humor. We tried to sell the company to pay the 35 million they said we owed in royalties but I guess to them that was a little like selling a stolen car to pay for the stolen gas. So we said screw it and declared bankruptcy.
And you are dry. Tori?
And then he went on to his second business venture, which was an online rolodex that he got thrown out of by Case Equity.
I'm not a psychiatrist, but--
You're not a psychiatrist but what?
They'll hire private detectives who'll follow you day and night. You're a target for high priced escorts. I can't prove it but I know they tapped my phones. Whatever it is that's gonna trip you up you've done already. Private behavior is a relic of a time gone by. And if somehow, someway, you've managed to live your life like the Dalai Lama then they'll make shit up. Because they don't want you, they want your idea and then they want you to say thank you while you— excuse me—wipe your chin and walk away.
You didn't bring down the record companies. They won.
And he told story after story about life in Silicon Valley, and parties at Stanford and down in LA, and friends who'd become millionaires, but mostly how Mark had to-- had to come to California. And then he got around to theFacebook.
Well...we're in 29 schools now and we have over 75,000 members—
Okay. For instance, we wanted Baylor in Texas but Baylor already had a social network on campus so instead of going right after them, we made a list of every school within a hundred miles—
Pretty soon all the Baylor kids were seeing their friends on our site we were in.
Thank you, it was mine.
Settle an argument for us, would you? I say it's time to start making money from theFacebook but Mark doesn't want advertising. Who's right?
And that's where you're headed. A billion dollar valuation. Unless you take bad advice in which case you may as well have come up with a chain of very successful yogurt shops. When you go fishing you can catch a lot of fish or you can catch a big fish. You ever walk into a guy's den and see a picture of him standing next to fourteen trout?
Okay, but we all know that marlins don't really weigh 3000 pounds, right?
I haven't but I don't think the guy's holding a marlin the size of a Range Rover. That would be a really big fish and a very strong guy.
I don't have a dog in this fight. I'm just a fan who came to say hi.
He picked up the check, he told Mark they'd talk again soon and he was gone. But not before he made his biggest contribution to the company.
You want to end the party at eleven.
There won't be a party unless it's cool, What'd you think?
I meant catching the marlin instead of the 14 trout. Doesn't that sound good?
I'm going to enter this into the record. Incorporation papers for Facebook, an LLC registered in Florida-- Why Florida?
—and ask the respondent to stipulate that the articles of incorporation state the ownership as follows: 65 percent for Mark Zuckerberg, 30 percent for Eduardo Saverin and 5 percent for Dustin Moskovitz.
And that was April 13th, 2004.
Do you have anything here?
Oh come one, this is bullshit, this is another club playing a prank.
They identify you as one of the founders of Facebook. "Junior Eduardo Saverin"-- I'm not the expert but being connected to torturing animals is probably bad for business.
No and settle down please. I have here an article from the Crimson —
Somebody's gonna have to answer for this.
The dining hall was serving chicken for dinner and I had to feed my chicken so I just...I took little pieces of chicken and I gave it to the chicken. Someone must have seen me because the next thing I knew I was being accused of forced cannibalism.
I didn't know you can't do that. I dealt with the various animal rights groups, I dealt with the Associate Dean of the College, this was all resolved.
Someone from the Pore or the Fly must have reported it. For all I know it was the Winklevosses.
This is absurd. I'm being accused of animal cruelty. It's better to be accused of necrophilia.
I'm going to have to explain this to my father, I'm going to have to explain this to everybody, I'm going to have to—what is happening on that ?
I have my final coming up for "Postwar and Contemporary Art" and I haven't been to class. I'm supposed to write about those four paintings.
Yeah, I opened it under an alias. I posted the paintings and asked people to comment. Every once in a while I hop on and stir the pot to get a good debate going.
I'd rather not answer that, Gretchen.
Because I'm not suing him for cheating on his final exam that's not what friends do.
Oops . You told your lawyers I was torturing animals?!
That reminds me, we're gonna need more money, Wardo.
—I'm interviewing two interns to come to Palo Alto and we're gonna have to pay them something.
I already found a house for rent on a street two blocks from the Stanford campus. It's perfect and it's got a pool.
You mean when did I actually decide?
He was right. California's the place we've gotta be.
I didn't know you guys got The Beverly Hillbillies in Bra—
What's your problem with Sean?
He's got connections to VCs.
—as someone who's just really embarrassed the company in a bad way I wouldn't—
You don't think it was strange that he was followed by private detectives?
Enough to get him out of the company. The drugs, the girls--
You can read about it.
Don't fish eat other fish?! The marlins and the trout?!
I'm interviewing interns at 10 tomorrow night in the CS lab. Get on board with this, man. You know, I don't know what else to say.
They have 10 minutes to get root access to a Python Webserver, expose its SSL encryption and then intercept all traffic over its secure port.
Yes, all behind a Pix Firewall Emulator. But here's the beauty.
Every 10th line of code written, they have to drink a shot. And hacking's supposed to be stealth, so anytime the server detects an intrusion, the candidate responsible has to drink a shot. I also have a program running that has a pop-up window appear simultaneously on all five computers—the last candidate to hit the window has to drink a shot. Plus every three minutes they all have to drink a shot.
Can I ask—what part of the interns' jobs will they need to be able to do drunk?
I opened a new account and put $18,000 in it. Will that get you through the summer?
Welcome to Facebook. The place ERUPTS. The pretty ASIAN GIRL hits an mp3 player that's been hooked up to speakers and a Dr. Dre song blares out—" California , it's time to party..." The two winners are hugging each other and getting wild congratulations from the crowd.
In addition to the $1000 you'd already put up.
A total of $19,000 now.
I'm just checking your math on that. Yes, I got the same thing.
After expressing misgivings about Mr. Zuckerberg taking the company and moving it to California for the summer, why did you put $18,000 in an account for his use?
Yikes. And at that moment a stray brick drops from the roof and crashes through a glass patio table. From inside the DOORBELL RINGS—
I didn't know we had a doorbell.
No, he's wired in. INTERN [IAN] That's gonna cut into the security deposit.
No. You live across the street?
This is my—Sharon. She lives across the street I was helping her move out when we saw the chimney—
You made the right choice.
This house and this team are great. It's exactly what it should be.
He's got an internship in New York.
I was crashing there for a little bit while I'm taking care of some things. But she's done for the summer so she's back at her parents' place. BEAUTIFUL WOMAN #1 (BRIANNA) The homeless rock star of Palo Alto.
I asked what your plan—
Okay. BEAUTIFUL WOMAN #2 (KELSEY) I'll go with you. The two girls exit—
She looks familiar to a lot of people.
A Stanford MBA named Roy Raymond wants to buy his wife some lingerie but he's too embarrassed to shop for it in a department store. He comes up with an idea for a high end place that doesn't make you feel like a pervert. He gets a $40,000 bank loan and borrows another forty-thousand from his in-laws, opens a store and calls it Victoria's Secret. He makes a half-million dollars his first year.
Oh, you know, that was—
Do you ever think about the girl?
The one—the girl in high school who was— with the lacrosse thing.
A hundred schools by the end of the summer?
Tell you what, gesture of good faith. While you're getting into a hundred schools. I'll put you on two continents.
Let's line up some shots. Excuse me.
You can take this away and bring out the 1942.
This is my brother, Cameron.
Of course. Brilliant race. I've never seen a race that close.
My grandfather. Jack Kelly, was one of the premiere rowers of his day. I've been coming to Henley for 30 years and I've never seen a race that close. Have you seen a race that close?
No, Your Highness. Mile and a half races are more commonly won by a boat length or two.
May I introduce my teammates? This is Dave, he's our—
I'm sorry you had to fly all the way over to see that.
I just wanted him to tell me a couple more times how close the race was a couple of more times. Brutal. It was brutally close. Excruciatingly brutal. Never seen a race so excruciatingly JESUS!
Cam, the guy's the prince of a country the size of Nantucket, relax it's fine— MR. WINKLEVOSS has made his way over— MR. WINKLEVOSS Boys.
Mr. Winklevoss. MR. WINKLEVOSS That was a tough beat.
Oh. Mr. Kenwright. Dad, this is Mr. Kenwright, the head of our host family this week.
Your daughter doesn't go to school in the States?
They have Facebook at Cambridge?
I'm gonna watch the race film. If this online I wanna see it.
Screw it. Let's gut the freakin' nerd.
That's what I'm talking about. There's a thunderstorm going on outside and rain is beating
Check it out, I saw him today. Manningham, Mitchell Manningham, my Case Equity guy--hang on. Are you guys using spikes or ghost missiles? GIRL #1 We don't know, we're just shooting at each other. The DOORBELL RINGS but no one pays attention—
I saw him getting into his turbo Carerra and he saw me too, I know he did. Don't sweat it, I'm on a land line.
Does, anybody hear that banging?
Dude, somebody's at the door.
It's not a dish best served cold. It's best served immediately and relentlessly.
I'm gonna call you back. What's up?
He was on a 36 hour coding tear so he took a nap for a couple of hours.
Back to work. GIRL #2 The more bad I get at this, the more wasted I get. I meant the more—
How old are they, Sean?
Sean, how old are they?
You've gotta see some of the new stuff we've got. Dustin, show him the wall. I'm just calling it the wall.
Why's he setting up meetings?
I don't care if he's an actual angel, why's he setting up business meetings?
No, I've had a long wait on the tarmac at JFK, then a long wait at the passenger loading and unloading zone at SFO and in between there was a long flight. I'm the business end of this company and he's a house guest living here rent-free on a generous grant from the Eduardo Saverin Foundation.
Want to talk to me alone for a minute? Sure.
Bong hit! GIRL #2 I'm so high.
How's it going? How's the internship? How's Christy?
I do remember you saying that. How's Christy?
Still, it's nice you have a girlfriend.
You gotta move out here, Wardo, this is where it's all happening.
I'm afraid if you don't come out here you're going to get left behind. I want— I want—I need you out here, please don't tell him I said that.
It's moving faster than any of us ever even imagined and—
It's moving fast and Sean even thinks that--
We have over 300,000 members, Wardo, we're in 160 schools including—
We need more servers than I ever imagined we'd need. We need more programmers. And we need more money. And he set up the Thiel meeting. He's set up meetings all around town.
And how's it going so far?!!
I'd like to freeze this bank account and cancel all existing checks and lines of credit.
Yeah, sure. 80 stories of polished granite.
No problem. You know this is where they filmed Towering Inferno.
You scared me. I need you to knock.
I got back this afternoon.
Chris, it was kind of a rough trip and I was tired and--
I did, and I thought that was incredibly normal behavior.
I brought you a present.
I was single when I set up the page.
It's a little embarrassing so you should take it as a sign of trust that I would tell you that.
That is not even remotely true and I can promise you that the Silicon Valley sluts don't care what anyone's relationship status is on Facebook. Please, open your present.
Oh, your phone does work.
Okay, this is gonna be tricky. Here, open your present. It's a silk scarf.
I had to get your attention, Mark.
We ' ve been working on.
If the servers are down for even a day, our entire reputation is irreversibly destroyed. Users are fickle. Friendster has proven that fact.
Holy shit! What is wrong with you?
That was the act of a child, not a businessman.
I'm sorry. I was angry and maybe it was childish. But I had to get your attention.
Yes. Also I'm breaking up with you. A glass conference room in the corner of a glass bullpen on a high floor of a high rise. Cartons are being unpacked, computers are everywhere along with bags of potato chips and boxes of cereal.
How many shares of stock will I own?
Because you may need to dilute it to award shares to new investors.
Economics. LAWYER #2 You should know that Mark's already taken his percentage from 60 down to 51.
I can live with that.
Could you please repeat the question?
Yes, would you read it back, please.
No. It was insanely stupid of me not to have my own lawyers look over all the...the, uh...in all honesty I thought they were my lawyers. I was your only friend. You had one friend. My father won't even look at me.
There was a lot of handshaking and a lot of congratulations. He'd already told me that he wouldn't be coming back to school for at least a semester so we were saying goodbye for a while. And then before I left, he said—
Remember the algorithm on the window at Kirkland?
Yeah, I'll be here. A brand new black Escalade pulls up in front of a gleaming
What else did the e-mail say?
I went out to California and I went straight to the new offices. And it's clear that we're in the offices of a new, high-tech, very successful internet company. The Facebook logo in blue metallic letters on the wall, the maple desks, new computer monitors, carpeting, a wall covered in graffiti by an artist commissioned for the job and tons of young employees.
Because I wasn't called out there for either one.
At first I thought he was joking, giving me more contracts to sign. But then I started reading.
How 'bout now, are you still wired in?
You issued over 24-million new shares of stock.
How much were your shares diluted? How much were his?!
It's gonna be like I'm not part of Facebook.
My name's on the masthead.
This is because I froze the account?
Sorry, my Prada's at the cleaners along with my hoodie and my fuck-you flip-flops you pretentious douchebag.
I'm not signing those papers.
Tell me this isn't about me getting into the Phoenix!
What is he talking about?
Seriously, what the hell's the chicken?
I almost forgot, there's your $19,000. I wouldn't cash it, though, I drew it on the account you froze.
I like standing next to you, Sean. It makes me look so tough.
That's it, that's our show for tonight, people. So I want to see everybody here geared up for a party. We're gonna walk down to the club like it's the Macy's Parade. Mackey, put it up on the big screen, we've gotta be almost there. A young employee hits a remote and a few keys on his computer and a huge flat-screen displays a Facebook page with a read¬ out of the number of members. 999,942 There's scattered applause and excitement as everyone watches.
That's life in the NFL.
Listen, I'm putting together a party—
He almost killed it. I'll send flowers. Speaking of flowers, I'm putting together a party after the party at Kappa Eta Sigma. Ashleigh's a sister.
Ashleigh? Me? No. A little bit. Oh no, do you like her? Dude--
We were just talkin' about you.
Put them on my desk. ASHLEIGH puts the small package on Mark's desk.
Refresh! MACKEY hits the "refresh" key and the big screen shows-- 1 , 000,046
The next transformative development? A picture sharing application. A place where you view pictures that coincide with your social life. It is...the true digitalization of real life. You don't just go to a party anymore, you go to a party with your digital camera and your friends relive the party on Facebook. And tagging. The idea-- SORORITY GIRL #2 Would this be easier without the bra? FRATERNITY GUY It's worth finding out. The girls start happily slipping off their bras--
How they check their friends' status updates, checked to see which of their friends had changed their profiles, changed their photos and mostly...
We lived on farms and then we lived in cities and now we're gonna live on the internet.
It's the cops. And they all spring into action. The girls are putting their
Good to see you officer. What can I do for you?
Was the music too loud? We have a celebration going.
I can have them turn the music down.
That's my inhaler. POLICEMAN #2 How old are you? SORORITY GIRL I'm 21.
It was just a party.
It's cool, I've got it under control.
You don't think Eduardo was involved do you? Do you think--
Or Manningham. One of them. Somebody. Somebody sent that coke in their 'cause it got in there. You believe me. This is gonna be fine, right?
We're done for the day.
I know that. When's there's emotional testimony I assume 85% of it is exaggeration.
Perjury. Creation myths need a devil.
Sy and the others are having a steak on University Ave. Then they'll come back up to the office and start working on a settlement agreement to present to you.
Oh yeah. And you're gonna have to pay a little extra.
So that these guys sign a non-disclosure agreement. They say one unflattering word about you in public and you own their wife and kids.
I'm talking about a jury. I specialize in voir dire--jury selection. And what the jury sees when they look at the defendant. Clothes, hair, speaking style, likability—
I've been licensed to practice law for all of 20 months and I could get a jury to believe you planted the story about Eduardo and the chicken. Watch what else. Why weren't you at Sean's sorority party that night?
Doesn't matter. I asked the question and now everybody's thinking about it. You've lost your jury in the first 10 minutes.
Pay them. In the scheme of things it's a speeding ticket. That's what Sy will tell you tomorrow.
I can't imagine it would be a problem.
You're not an asshole, Mark. You're just trying so hard to be.
Did you know there are more people with genius IQ's living in China than there are people of any kind living in the United States?
Well, first, an awful lot of people live in China. But here's my question:
I didn't know they take SAT's in China.
Does that mean you actually got nothing wrong?
Or you can get into a final club.
You know, from a woman's perspective, sometimes not singing in an a Capella group is a good thing?
On the other hand I do like guys who row crew.
Maybe, but sometimes you say two things at once and I'm not sure which one I'm supposed to be aiming at.
I guess I just meant I liked the idea of it. The way a girl likes cowboys.
Should we get something to eat?
No, it's just since the beginning of the conversation about finals club I think I may have missed a birthday. There are really more people in China with genius IQ's than the entire population of—
Is it true that they send a bus around to pick up girls who want to party with the next Fed Chairman?
Okay, well, which is the easiest to get into?
Why would you ask me that?
None of them, that's the point. My friend Eduardo made $300,000 betting oil futures one summer and Eduardo won't come close to getting in. The ability to make money doesn't impress anybody around here.
You can read the weather you can predict the price of heating oil. I think you asked me that because you think the final club that's easiest to get into is the one where I'll have the best chance.
You asked me which one was the easiest to get into because you think that that's the one where I'll have the best chance.
You didn't ask me which one was the best one, you asked me which one was the easiest one.
ERICA You're obsessed with finals clubs. You have finals clubs OCD and you need to see someone about it who'11 prescribe you some sort of medication. You don't care if the side effects may include blindness .
I didn't mean to be cryptic.
Teddy Roosevelt didn't get elected president because he was a member of the Phoenix Club.
Well why don't you just concentrate on being the best you you can be?
I want to try to be straight forward with you and tell you that I think you might want to be a little more supportive. If I get in I'll be taking you...to the events, and the gatherings... and you'll be meeting a lot of people you wouldn't normally get to meet.
You're breaking up with me?
Erica, the reason we're able to sit here and drink right now is cause you used to sleep with the door guy.
Wait, wait, is this real?
Okay, then wait. I apologize, okay?
I'm sorry, I mean it.
You don't have to study. You don't have to study. Let's just talk.
All I meant is that you're not likely to- currently—I wasn't making a comment on your parents —I was just saying you go to B.U., I was stating a fact, that's all, and if it seemed rude then of course I apologize.
You don't have to study.
Because you go to B.U.!
Do you want to get some food?
And I'm sorry I don't have a rowboat so we're even.
I'm under some pressure right now with my OS class and if we could just order food I think we should--
You are probably going to be a very successful computer person.
Erica Albright's a bitch. Do you think that's because her family changed their name from Albrecht or do you think it's because all B.U. girls are bitches? He takes a good gulp of his drink. We see the words we're hearing filling up his computer screen—
The truth is she has a nice face. I need to do something to help me take my mind off her. Easy enough, except I need an idea.
I think he's on to something. TITLE: 10:17 PM
First up is Kirkland. They keep everything open and allow indexes in their Apache configuration, so a little WGET magic is all that's necessary to download the entire Kirkland facebook. Kids' stuff. On the computer screen, we've been seeing him download picture after picture of Harvard girls. THREE COEDS are talking to the BOUNCER. The BOUNCER looks up at TWO HANDSOME CLUB MEMBERS. The MEMBERS give him the nod and the FIVE COEDS are let past the velvet rope. They're led up a half flight of red-carpeted stairs to a party that's about a half-hour away from being in full swing. The CLUB PRESIDENT is addressing the GUESTS from the top of the stairs-- CLUB PRESIDENT Excuse me everybody, you are at one of the oldest, one of the most exclusive clubs—not just at Harvard but in the world—and I want to welcome you all to Phoenix Club's first party of the fall semester.
Next is Elliot. They're also open but with no indexes on Apache. I can run an empty search and it returns all of the images in the database in a single page. Then I can save the page and Mozilla will save all the images for me. Excellent. Moving right along.
Dunster is intense. Not only is there no public directory but there's no—
You and Erica split up?
You think this is such a good idea?
Give each girl a base rating of 1400. At any given time "Girl A" has a rating R-a and "Girl B" has a rating R-b.
Yes. And those expectations are expressed this way.
Who are you gonna send it to?
Just a couple of people. The question is, who are they gonna send it to? We move to a room where there's a co-ed poker game underway with the girls smoking cigars. A bra and a couple of pairs of stockings are out on the table. As we move through the poker room, we see a computer behind one of the players. The computer is indicating that there's e-mail. A PLAYER turns around and opens the e-mail as the poker game and the party go on behind him. He hits a link and FACEMASH opens. He looks at it, then—
This is an awful lot of traffic. Think maybe we should shut it down before we get into trouble.
Go see if it's everybody.
Unless it's a coincidence I think this is us.
So you were called in front of the Ad Board.
You weren't called in front of the Administrative Board?
I was reading from the transcript of her deposition so—
That's really for us to—
Why don't we stretch our legs for a minute, can we do that? It's been almost three hours and frankly you did spend an awful lot of time embarrassing Mr. Zuckerberg with the girl's testimony from the bar.
The site got twenty-two hundred hits within two hours?
Wow. The Harvard Crew is practicing on two-man sculls. There are three boats that are running roughly even with each other and the two-man crews are rowing with all they've got. We're gliding along with them in the water— A CREW MEMBER Those guys are just freakin' fast. And we PULL BACK TO REVEAL that there's a fourth boat which is already five boat lengths ahead of the other three.
Is there anyway to make this a fair fight?
I think we'd have to jump out and drown.
We're genetically identical, science says we'd stay in one place.
I don't know, a three hour low-rate technical row before breakfast, a full course load, studying, another three hours in the tank and then studying. I don't know how we missed it. How much activity was there on this thing that he—
How do you know he was drunk?
I'm way ahead of you.
Cameron Winklevoss. W-I-N-K-L-E-V-O-S-S. Cameron's spelled the usual way.
I've already apologized in the Crimson to the ABHW, to Fuerza Latina and to any women at Harvard who might have been insulted as I take it that they were. As for any charges stemming from the breach of security, I believe I deserve some recognition from this Board.
I believe I pointed out some pretty gaping holes in your system.
That would be impressive except if you'd known what you were looking for you would have seen it written on my dorm room window. As the heavy wooden door from the hearing slams shut behind
Wow, they had to make an example out of you.
I tried to stop you. I know.
How do you do this thing where you manage to get all girls to hate us? Why did I let you—
1 valid bit, 1 modify bit, 1 reference bit and 5 permission bits.
We've never heard that before.
No, you didn't insult our girl— Actually, I don't know.
We should do that. No, we have an idea we want to talk to you about. Do you have a minute?
As MARK is escorted by CAMERON and TYLER toward the club.
Would you like a sandwich or something?
We were talking about CourseMatch.
And you invented something in high school, right?
Anybody try to buy it?
Okay, well. We have something that we've been working on for a while, we think it's great. It's called the HarvardConnection. You create your own page. Interests, bio, friends, pics.
Yeah. How's it different from MySpace or Friendster?
Harvard.edu. The most prestigious e-mail address in the country.
Not to put anything indelicately.
Divya and my brother don't have trouble putting things indelicately.
And we know you've taking it in the shins.
Wow. You'd do that for me?
Our first programmer graduated and went to work at Google. Our second programmer just got overwhelmed with school work.
When did you come to Eduardo?
Do you remember answering in the affirmative?
When did you come to Eduardo with the idea for Facebook.
This doesn't need to be that difficult.
Did you answer affirmatively? When Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss and Divya Narendra asked you to build HarvardConnection, did you say yes?
When did you approach Mr. Saverin with the idea for TheFacebook?
At a party at Alpha Epsilon Pi.
The Jewish fraternity. It was Caribbean Night. The hall has been converted into "Alpha Epsilon Pi Caribbean Night, 2003" and the party is about as lame as it sounds. What's important is that this couldn't be less like the final club party we saw at the beginning if they were playing Pin the Tail on the Donkey. Some potted palm trees have been brought in along with a steel drum set. The man playing the steel drum set has a yarmulke bobby pinned to his thinning hair. A table with a punch bowl and assorted cookies is nearby.
It's not that guys like me are generally attracted to Asian girls. It's that Asian girls are generally attracted to guys like me.
I don't think it's that complicated. They're hot, they're smart, they're not Jewish and they can't dance.
I think I've come up with something.
You got punched by the Phoenix.
Yeah. I think I've come up with something. Come outside.
I can't stare at that loop of Niagara Falls which has nothing to do with the Caribbean.
People came to Facemash in a stampede, right?
It wasn't because they saw pictures of hot girls. You can go anywhere on the internet and see pictures of hot girls.
It was because they saw pictures of girls that they knew . People want to go on the internet and check out their friends. Why not build a website that offers that? Friends, pictures, profiles, whatever you can...visit, browse around, maybe it's somebody you just met at a party. I'm not talking about a dating site. I'm talking about taking the entire social experience of college and putting it online.
I know, I'm totally psyched about this, too. But Wardo—
You'd have to know the people on the site to get past your own page. Like getting punched.
Wardo, it's like a Final Club except we're the president.
We're gonna need a little start-up cash to rent the servers and get it online.
We'll split it 70-30. 70 for me 30 for you for putting up the thousand dollars and handling for everything on the business end. You're CFO.
I said "Let's do it".
Why do you think he said that?
Sy, if you'll let me continue with my line of questioning--
They're suggesting I was jealous of Eduardo for getting punched by the Phoenix and began a plan to screw him out of a company I hadn't even invented yet. 42.
Stop typing, we're off the record.
I'11 let you know how the party is.
We recognize that you're a plaintiff in one suit involving Facebook and a witness in another.
At any time in the weeks prior to Mark's telling you his idea, did he mention Tyler Winklevoss, Cameron Winklevoss, Divya Narendra or HarvardConnection? 43.
"These guys" meaning my clients.
Were you aware that while Mr. Zuckerberg was building TheFacebook he was also communicating with the plaintiffs?
You're offering a conclusion not found in evidence.
From Mark Zuckerberg to Tyler Winklevoss. November 30, 2003. "I read over all the stuff you sent me re Harvard Connection and it seems like it shouldn't take too long to implement, so we can talk about it after I get all the basic functionality up tomorrow night." The whiteboard is filled with diagrams now--login page,
From Mark Zuckerberg to Cameron Winklevoss. December 1, 2003. "Sorry I was unreachable tonight. I just got about three of your missed calls. I was working on a problem set for my systems class."
From Mark Zuckerberg to Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss. December 10, 2003. "This week has been pretty busy thus far with classes and work so I think it's probably best to postpone the meeting."
"I'm also really busy tomorrow." Anybody else feel like there's something up with this guy?
Hey, guess what? I made the second cut.
I'll get outa here. The MUSIC CONTINUES—
"I won't really be free to meet until next Wednesday afternoon."
"...have to cancel Wednesday afternoon. I've basically been in the lab this whole time and also..."
"Won't be able to do Saturday as I have to meet up with my parents to..." The MUSIC CONTINUES—
1) Harvard was founded in 1636, not 1638. 2) Harvard wasn't founded by John Harvard and 3) That's not John Harvard.
A friend of the sculptor, Daniel Chester.
39 days after Mr. Zuckerberg's initial meeting with my clients and he still hadn't completed work on HarvardConnection. But on January 11, 2004 — A website called Network Solutions is up on Mark's screen. He hits a couple of keys and waits intently. Then the computer shows him what he wanted to see— www.theFacebook.com—DOMAIN NAME REGISTERED
To the best of your knowledge, had he even begun work on HarvardConnection?
What in the world is this? "Hey Cameron. I'm still a little skeptical that we have enough functionality in the site to really draw the attention and gain the critical mass necessary to get a site like this to run. We'll speak soon."
That's correct. He had 42 days to study our system and get out ahead on—
Did I use any of your code?
Can I continue with my deposition?
I can't wait to stand over your shoulder and watch you write us a check.
There's a girl in your art history class. Her name is Stephanie Attis. Do you happen to know if she has a boyfriend?
Have you ever seen her with anyone? And if not, do you happen to know if she's looking to go out with anyone?
We were supposed to meet at 9.
I have to add something.
Shit. That looks good. That looks really good.
"Relationship Status", "Interested In", This is what drives life at college. Are you having sex or aren't you. It's why people take certain classes, and sit where they sit, and do what they do, and at its, urn, center, you know, that's what theFacebook is gonna be about. People are gonna log on because after all the cake and watermelon there's a chance they're actually gonna--
That was it. And here's the masthead.
"Eduardo Saverin. Co-Founder and CFO."
You have no idea what that's going to mean to my father.
When's it gonna go live?
Why do we need my laptop?
I'm not sure if it's gonna be cool with them that I spam their—
No, I know it's not spam--
I haven't gotten in yet.
These guys. They're literary geniuses because the world's most obvious Lewis Carroll reference—
Mark? Are you praying? THE KROKODILOES, Harvard's oldest male a Capella group, are singing at the front of the hall in their usual uniform of white tie and tails for a packed crowd of students and parents. Incongruously, but with surprisingly nice results, the group is covering a song from All-4-One —"I Swear "—and the pub full of students is loving it.
Honey, you should put the laptop away.
K.C.— She clicks on the link— FEMALE FRIEND What is it?
It's fine. He starts out again, then comes back for his coat, grabs it, starts out and falls down all over again. Finally he's got it together and flies out of the pub and we
Hey! The twins are in the zone and don't pay any attention.
Not now, we need 20 minutes.
Mark Zuckerberg stole our website. It's been live for more than 36 hours.
Ty, the lawyer's on the phone with Dad. I'm here with my brother, Tyler, and our business partner, Divya.
Yes sir, he's quoted a couple of times. I can read it to you, "'Everyone's been talking a lot about a universal facebook within Harvard', he says"--he meaning Mark—"'I think it's kind of silly that it would take the University a couple of years to get around to it. I can do a classier job than they can and I did in a week. '"
I know, that's how he talks.
Yeah, Divya was just reading that 650 students signed up for it on the first day.
And this guy doesn't have three friends to rub together to make a fourth.
This is a good guy?
We know that he stole our idea. We know he lied to our faces for a month and a half while he--
He never saw our faces! He lied to our e- mail accounts and he got himself a 42-day head start because he knows what apparently you don't which is that getting there first is everything
Alright. That was your father's lawyer?
No, I wanna hire the Sopranos to beat the shit out of him with a hammer.
How much more information are you waiting for? We met with Mark three times, we exchanged 52 e-mails, we can prove that he looked at the code— What is that on the bottom of the page?
Shit, I need a second to let the classiness waft over me.
Cam. They wrote, "Zuckerberg said that he hoped the privacy options would help to restore his reputation following student outrage over Facemash.com". That's exactly what WE said to him. He's giving us the finger in the Crimson. Now while we're waiting for Dad's lawyer to look this stuff over, we can at least—
—get something going in the paper so that people know--
That this thing is in dispute.
I don't understand, why not?
Because we're gentlemen of Harvard. This is Harvard. You don't plant stories and you don't sue people.
During the time when you say you had this idea, did you know Tyler and Cameron came from a family of means?
Did you know that his father was wealthy.
It's not important that you be sure why I'm asking you.
I had no idea whether they came from money or not.
They'd demonstrated to you an interest in this kind of thing so—
Your best friend is suing you for 600- million dollars.
Eduardo, what happened after the initial launch?
We already went through this on the-- nevermind. Mr. Saverin, what happened after the initial—
Everyone on campus was using it. "Facebook me" was a common expression after two weeks.
Mark was the biggest thing on a campus that included 19 Nobel Laureates, 15 Pulitzer Prize winners, two future Olympians and a movie star.
Your friend—is that Mark Zuckerberg?
Yeah. I mean it's both of ours--but, yeah we—yes.
Very nice to meet you.
Certainly. Absolutely I will do that.
She said "Facebook me" and we can all go for a drink later. Which is stunningly great for two reasons. One, she said "Facebook me". Right? And the other is, you know--
Yes I Have you ever heard so many different good things packed into one regular-sized sentence?
It's time to monetize the thing.
Did you hear what I said?
I said it's time to monetize the site.
It means it's time for the website to generate revenue.
Well I wasn't thinking Mountain Dew but at some point—and I'm talking as the business end of the company—the site—
When will it be finished?
MARK Fashion. Fashion is never finished.
I'm talking about the idea of it and I'm saying it's never finished.
When did you get this?
They're saying—the Winklevoss twins are saying you stole their idea.
They find it to be intellectual property theft. Why--
—why didn't you show this to me?
They're saying we stole theFacebook from Divya Narendra and the Wink—
Don't screw around with me now. Look at me.
The letter says we could face legal action.
It's from a lawyer, Mark. They must feel they have some grounds for—
Why didn't you show me the letter?
If there's something wrong—if there's ever anything wrong—you can tell me. I'm the guy that wants to help. This is our thing. Is there anything you need to tell me?
What are we doing about this?
"—the lack of hardware we had to deal with, site use, the lack of promotion that would go on to successfully launch the website--
Gentlemen. I'm talking about at the meeting in January to which this letter is referring.
Let me re-phrase this. You sent my clients 16 e-mails. In the first 15, you didn't raise any concerns.
In the 16th e-mail you raised concerns about the site's functionality. Were you leading them on for six weeks?
Why hadn't you raised any of these concerns before?
Mr. Zuckerberg, do I have your full attention?
Do you think I deserve it?
Do you think I deserve your full attention?
Okay. "No" you don't think I deserve your attention.
I've got 12:45. Why don't we say that's lunch.
So, what were their names?
Sorry. It'll just be a minute. Some girls are freshening up in there. CLUB GUY Sweet. The guy goes off.
I think I'm good right here.
I don't know if you heard about this new website I launched.
That's why I wanted to talk to you. If we could just--
That's why I came over.
I didn't end up doing that.
No, there's no problem. You write your snide bullshit from a dark room because that's what the angry do nowadays. I was nice to you. Don't torture me for it.
If we could just go somewhere for a minute—
Hey, that was great. That was the right thing to do. You apologized, right?
Is he mad about something?
We're expanding to Yale and Columbia. Dustin, I want you to share the coding work with me. Chris, you're going to be in charge of publicity and outreach and you can start by getting a story in the B.U. student newspaper. The Bridge.
Somebody at the newspaper will be a computer science major. Tell 'em Mark Zuckerberg will do 10 hours of free programming.
Because I do. Here's the arrangement. Eduardo is CFO and owns 30% of the company. Dustin is Vice President and Head of Programming and his 5% of the company will come from my end. Chris is Director of Publicity and his compensation will depend on the amount of work he ends up doing. Any questions?
CHRISTY Is there anything we can do?
Stanford. It's time for them to see this in Palo Alto.
You don't want any lunch?
You're welcome to some salad.
I'm Marylin Delpy, I introduced myself—
I'm a second year associate at the firm. My boss wanted me to sit in on the deposition phase.
They don't have roads but they have Facebook?
You must really hate the Winklevoss's.
He's expanding to Yale, Columbia and Stanford, it'll be in the Crimson tomorrow.
I want to hire a lawyer to file for injunctive relief and get this website taken down now'.
Every minute the site is up. Harvard Connection becomes less valuable. I want an injunction, I want damages, I want punitive relief and I want him dead.
Then why aren't we doing anything about it?! Because we're gentlemen of Harvard?!
He's violated Massachusetts state law. When he goes to Connecticut, New York and California he'll have violated federal law. And by the way, he's in violation of Harvard law.
Harvard Student Handbook. Every freshman is issued one of these. Somewhere in this book it says—
You can't get a meeting with Larry Summers.
I'm sorry, I'm late for Bio-Chem.
You don't know my name, do you?
I should just kick your ass. How can you go to a party, meet--
Tu fais 1 1 amour a la jolie fille et la mets de cote.
Where did you go to school?
Seriously, you're not like 15 years old or anything are you?
No. So what do you do?
What was your latest preneur?
I just slept with Sean Parker?
This is blowing my mind.
I have to hop in the shower and get ready for class.
There's juice or anything else you can find. Help yourself.
Amy? She can't hear him in the shower.
Jesus. He gets up and goes to the bathroom door—
There's a snake in here, Amy. What?!
Are you kidding me?! I could have been killed!
By running too fast...and getting twisted in the curtain—What do you need to ask me?
After you passed out last night I went on theFacebook for a little bit.
TheFacebook? Stanford's had it for like two weeks now it's really awesome except it's freakishly addictive. Seriously, I'm on the thing like five times a day.
I've never been in this building before.
Good morning, sir. I'm Cameron Winklevoss and this is my brother, Tyler. SUMMERS reaches to the top of a pile of papers and pulls a ten- page letter off the top.
I'm sorry, I thought you were reading the letter.
We came up with an idea for a website called HarvardConnection--we've since changed the name to ConnectU—and Mark Zuckerberg stole that idea and—
Well sir, in The Harvard Student Handbook , which is distributed to each freshman—under the heading "Standards of Conduct in the Harvard Community"— SUMMERS can't help an agonized sigh—
...or unauthorized use will result in disciplinary action. Including requirement to withdraw from the college.
What my brother and I came here today to ask of you, respectfully of course, is that--
Yes sir, and the House Master made a recommendation to the Ad Board but the Ad Board won't see us.
Mr. Zuckerberg hasn't been responding to any of our e-mails or phone calls for the last two weeks. He doesn't answer when we knock on his door at Kirkland and the closest we've come to dealing with him face to face is when I saw him on the quad and chased him through Harvard Square.
I saw him and I know he saw me and I went after him but he disappeared.
Of course this is a University issue. There's a code of ethics and an honor code and he violated them both.
I'm sorry President Summers, what you just said makes no sense to me at all.
What my brother means is that if Mark Zuckerberg walked into our dorm room and stole our computer that would be a university issue, right?
This idea is potentially worth millions of dollars.
Sir, I honestly don't think you're in any position to make that call.
Letting our imaginations run away with us is exactly what we were told to do in your freshmen address.
I'm sorry, but that's not the point.
You don't have to be an intellectual property expert to understand the difference between right and wrong.
Of course I'm not saying that.
We've never asked for special treatment.
Well you could take the Harvard Student Handbook and shoved it up—
I broke your 335 year old doorknob.
As CFO, I'd set up some meetings with potential advertisers.
It was paid for out of the thousand dollar account I'd set up a few months earlier.
Can I re-phrase my answer?
I wish he'd been asleep.
...and we're at 29 schools now with over 75,000 members. People who go on theFacebook tend to stay on longer than almost any other site, now here's the most impressive statistic—91% of people who try it once will come back. Now if you'll allow me—
It wasn't a "tsk", it was uh...hmm...like a glottal stop. Almost a gag reflex.
There was one more meeting scheduled for the New York trip.
Would you say that Mark was excited about this meeting?
They're not gonna card us.
Tell him they're not gonna card us.
Unless you're the Ballet Theatre of Hartford, the purpose of a business is to make a profit.
That's tough for me because my job is to— nevermind.
I honestly wasn't jealous. I was nervous.
I didn't know him at all but I'd done a search and I'd asked around. He struck me as kind of a wild card.
He crashed out of two pretty big internet companies in spectacular fashion and he's had a reputation with drugs.
And he does own a watch.
Take your time. And he does own a watch.
You must be Eduardo. And Christy. And Mark, it's great to meet you.
You guys don't have anything in front of you. Tori.
Can you bring out some things. The lacquered pork with that ginger confit? Tuna tartar and a lobster claws, that'll get us started. Christy, what do you like to drink?
The question was "What did you talk about?"
I didn't want to spend my 20's as a professional defendant. Who knew—the music industry doesn't have a sense of humor. We tried to sell the company to pay the 35 million they said we owed in royalties but I guess to them that was a little like selling a stolen car to pay for the stolen gas. So we said screw it and declared bankruptcy.
And you are dry. Tori?
And then he went on to his second business venture, which was an online rolodex that he got thrown out of by Case Equity.
I'm not a psychiatrist, but--
You're not a psychiatrist but what?
They'll hire private detectives who'll follow you day and night. You're a target for high priced escorts. I can't prove it but I know they tapped my phones. Whatever it is that's gonna trip you up you've done already. Private behavior is a relic of a time gone by. And if somehow, someway, you've managed to live your life like the Dalai Lama then they'll make shit up. Because they don't want you, they want your idea and then they want you to say thank you while you— excuse me—wipe your chin and walk away.
You didn't bring down the record companies. They won.
And he told story after story about life in Silicon Valley, and parties at Stanford and down in LA, and friends who'd become millionaires, but mostly how Mark had to-- had to come to California. And then he got around to theFacebook.
Well...we're in 29 schools now and we have over 75,000 members—
Okay. For instance, we wanted Baylor in Texas but Baylor already had a social network on campus so instead of going right after them, we made a list of every school within a hundred miles—
Pretty soon all the Baylor kids were seeing their friends on our site we were in.
Thank you, it was mine.
Settle an argument for us, would you? I say it's time to start making money from theFacebook but Mark doesn't want advertising. Who's right?
And that's where you're headed. A billion dollar valuation. Unless you take bad advice in which case you may as well have come up with a chain of very successful yogurt shops. When you go fishing you can catch a lot of fish or you can catch a big fish. You ever walk into a guy's den and see a picture of him standing next to fourteen trout?
Okay, but we all know that marlins don't really weigh 3000 pounds, right?
I haven't but I don't think the guy's holding a marlin the size of a Range Rover. That would be a really big fish and a very strong guy.
I don't have a dog in this fight. I'm just a fan who came to say hi.
He picked up the check, he told Mark they'd talk again soon and he was gone. But not before he made his biggest contribution to the company.
You want to end the party at eleven.
There won't be a party unless it's cool, What'd you think?
I meant catching the marlin instead of the 14 trout. Doesn't that sound good?
I'm going to enter this into the record. Incorporation papers for Facebook, an LLC registered in Florida-- Why Florida?
—and ask the respondent to stipulate that the articles of incorporation state the ownership as follows: 65 percent for Mark Zuckerberg, 30 percent for Eduardo Saverin and 5 percent for Dustin Moskovitz.
And that was April 13th, 2004.
Do you have anything here?
Oh come one, this is bullshit, this is another club playing a prank.
They identify you as one of the founders of Facebook. "Junior Eduardo Saverin"-- I'm not the expert but being connected to torturing animals is probably bad for business.
No and settle down please. I have here an article from the Crimson —
Somebody's gonna have to answer for this.
The dining hall was serving chicken for dinner and I had to feed my chicken so I just...I took little pieces of chicken and I gave it to the chicken. Someone must have seen me because the next thing I knew I was being accused of forced cannibalism.
I didn't know you can't do that. I dealt with the various animal rights groups, I dealt with the Associate Dean of the College, this was all resolved.
Someone from the Pore or the Fly must have reported it. For all I know it was the Winklevosses.
This is absurd. I'm being accused of animal cruelty. It's better to be accused of necrophilia.
I'm going to have to explain this to my father, I'm going to have to explain this to everybody, I'm going to have to—what is happening on that ?
I have my final coming up for "Postwar and Contemporary Art" and I haven't been to class. I'm supposed to write about those four paintings.
Yeah, I opened it under an alias. I posted the paintings and asked people to comment. Every once in a while I hop on and stir the pot to get a good debate going.
I'd rather not answer that, Gretchen.
Because I'm not suing him for cheating on his final exam that's not what friends do.
Oops . You told your lawyers I was torturing animals?!
That reminds me, we're gonna need more money, Wardo.
—I'm interviewing two interns to come to Palo Alto and we're gonna have to pay them something.
I already found a house for rent on a street two blocks from the Stanford campus. It's perfect and it's got a pool.
You mean when did I actually decide?
He was right. California's the place we've gotta be.
I didn't know you guys got The Beverly Hillbillies in Bra—
What's your problem with Sean?
He's got connections to VCs.
—as someone who's just really embarrassed the company in a bad way I wouldn't—
You don't think it was strange that he was followed by private detectives?
Enough to get him out of the company. The drugs, the girls--
You can read about it.
Don't fish eat other fish?! The marlins and the trout?!
I'm interviewing interns at 10 tomorrow night in the CS lab. Get on board with this, man. You know, I don't know what else to say.
They have 10 minutes to get root access to a Python Webserver, expose its SSL encryption and then intercept all traffic over its secure port.
Yes, all behind a Pix Firewall Emulator. But here's the beauty.
Every 10th line of code written, they have to drink a shot. And hacking's supposed to be stealth, so anytime the server detects an intrusion, the candidate responsible has to drink a shot. I also have a program running that has a pop-up window appear simultaneously on all five computers—the last candidate to hit the window has to drink a shot. Plus every three minutes they all have to drink a shot.
Can I ask—what part of the interns' jobs will they need to be able to do drunk?
I opened a new account and put $18,000 in it. Will that get you through the summer?
Welcome to Facebook. The place ERUPTS. The pretty ASIAN GIRL hits an mp3 player that's been hooked up to speakers and a Dr. Dre song blares out—" California , it's time to party..." The two winners are hugging each other and getting wild congratulations from the crowd.
In addition to the $1000 you'd already put up.
A total of $19,000 now.
I'm just checking your math on that. Yes, I got the same thing.
After expressing misgivings about Mr. Zuckerberg taking the company and moving it to California for the summer, why did you put $18,000 in an account for his use?
Yikes. And at that moment a stray brick drops from the roof and crashes through a glass patio table. From inside the DOORBELL RINGS—
I didn't know we had a doorbell.
No, he's wired in. INTERN [IAN] That's gonna cut into the security deposit.
No. You live across the street?
This is my—Sharon. She lives across the street I was helping her move out when we saw the chimney—
You made the right choice.
This house and this team are great. It's exactly what it should be.
He's got an internship in New York.
I was crashing there for a little bit while I'm taking care of some things. But she's done for the summer so she's back at her parents' place. BEAUTIFUL WOMAN #1 (BRIANNA) The homeless rock star of Palo Alto.
I asked what your plan—
Okay. BEAUTIFUL WOMAN #2 (KELSEY) I'll go with you. The two girls exit—
She looks familiar to a lot of people.
A Stanford MBA named Roy Raymond wants to buy his wife some lingerie but he's too embarrassed to shop for it in a department store. He comes up with an idea for a high end place that doesn't make you feel like a pervert. He gets a $40,000 bank loan and borrows another forty-thousand from his in-laws, opens a store and calls it Victoria's Secret. He makes a half-million dollars his first year.
Oh, you know, that was—
Do you ever think about the girl?
The one—the girl in high school who was— with the lacrosse thing.
A hundred schools by the end of the summer?
Tell you what, gesture of good faith. While you're getting into a hundred schools. I'll put you on two continents.
Let's line up some shots. Excuse me.
You can take this away and bring out the 1942.
This is my brother, Cameron.
Of course. Brilliant race. I've never seen a race that close.
My grandfather. Jack Kelly, was one of the premiere rowers of his day. I've been coming to Henley for 30 years and I've never seen a race that close. Have you seen a race that close?
No, Your Highness. Mile and a half races are more commonly won by a boat length or two.
May I introduce my teammates? This is Dave, he's our—
I'm sorry you had to fly all the way over to see that.
I just wanted him to tell me a couple more times how close the race was a couple of more times. Brutal. It was brutally close. Excruciatingly brutal. Never seen a race so excruciatingly JESUS!
Cam, the guy's the prince of a country the size of Nantucket, relax it's fine— MR. WINKLEVOSS has made his way over— MR. WINKLEVOSS Boys.
Mr. Winklevoss. MR. WINKLEVOSS That was a tough beat.
Oh. Mr. Kenwright. Dad, this is Mr. Kenwright, the head of our host family this week.
Your daughter doesn't go to school in the States?
They have Facebook at Cambridge?
I'm gonna watch the race film. If this online I wanna see it.
Screw it. Let's gut the freakin' nerd.
That's what I'm talking about. There's a thunderstorm going on outside and rain is beating
Check it out, I saw him today. Manningham, Mitchell Manningham, my Case Equity guy--hang on. Are you guys using spikes or ghost missiles? GIRL #1 We don't know, we're just shooting at each other. The DOORBELL RINGS but no one pays attention—
I saw him getting into his turbo Carerra and he saw me too, I know he did. Don't sweat it, I'm on a land line.
Does, anybody hear that banging?
Dude, somebody's at the door.
It's not a dish best served cold. It's best served immediately and relentlessly.
I'm gonna call you back. What's up?
He was on a 36 hour coding tear so he took a nap for a couple of hours.
Back to work. GIRL #2 The more bad I get at this, the more wasted I get. I meant the more—
How old are they, Sean?
Sean, how old are they?
You've gotta see some of the new stuff we've got. Dustin, show him the wall. I'm just calling it the wall.
Why's he setting up meetings?
I don't care if he's an actual angel, why's he setting up business meetings?
No, I've had a long wait on the tarmac at JFK, then a long wait at the passenger loading and unloading zone at SFO and in between there was a long flight. I'm the business end of this company and he's a house guest living here rent-free on a generous grant from the Eduardo Saverin Foundation.
Want to talk to me alone for a minute? Sure.
Bong hit! GIRL #2 I'm so high.
How's it going? How's the internship? How's Christy?
I do remember you saying that. How's Christy?
Still, it's nice you have a girlfriend.
You gotta move out here, Wardo, this is where it's all happening.
I'm afraid if you don't come out here you're going to get left behind. I want— I want—I need you out here, please don't tell him I said that.
It's moving faster than any of us ever even imagined and—
It's moving fast and Sean even thinks that--
We have over 300,000 members, Wardo, we're in 160 schools including—
We need more servers than I ever imagined we'd need. We need more programmers. And we need more money. And he set up the Thiel meeting. He's set up meetings all around town.
And how's it going so far?!!
I'd like to freeze this bank account and cancel all existing checks and lines of credit.
Yeah, sure. 80 stories of polished granite.
No problem. You know this is where they filmed Towering Inferno.
You scared me. I need you to knock.
I got back this afternoon.
Chris, it was kind of a rough trip and I was tired and--
I did, and I thought that was incredibly normal behavior.
I brought you a present.
I was single when I set up the page.
It's a little embarrassing so you should take it as a sign of trust that I would tell you that.
That is not even remotely true and I can promise you that the Silicon Valley sluts don't care what anyone's relationship status is on Facebook. Please, open your present.
Oh, your phone does work.
Okay, this is gonna be tricky. Here, open your present. It's a silk scarf.
I had to get your attention, Mark.
We ' ve been working on.
If the servers are down for even a day, our entire reputation is irreversibly destroyed. Users are fickle. Friendster has proven that fact.
Holy shit! What is wrong with you?
That was the act of a child, not a businessman.
I'm sorry. I was angry and maybe it was childish. But I had to get your attention.
Yes. Also I'm breaking up with you. A glass conference room in the corner of a glass bullpen on a high floor of a high rise. Cartons are being unpacked, computers are everywhere along with bags of potato chips and boxes of cereal.
How many shares of stock will I own?
Because you may need to dilute it to award shares to new investors.
Economics. LAWYER #2 You should know that Mark's already taken his percentage from 60 down to 51.
I can live with that.
Could you please repeat the question?
Yes, would you read it back, please.
No. It was insanely stupid of me not to have my own lawyers look over all the...the, uh...in all honesty I thought they were my lawyers. I was your only friend. You had one friend. My father won't even look at me.
There was a lot of handshaking and a lot of congratulations. He'd already told me that he wouldn't be coming back to school for at least a semester so we were saying goodbye for a while. And then before I left, he said—
Remember the algorithm on the window at Kirkland?
Yeah, I'll be here. A brand new black Escalade pulls up in front of a gleaming
What else did the e-mail say?
I went out to California and I went straight to the new offices. And it's clear that we're in the offices of a new, high-tech, very successful internet company. The Facebook logo in blue metallic letters on the wall, the maple desks, new computer monitors, carpeting, a wall covered in graffiti by an artist commissioned for the job and tons of young employees.
Because I wasn't called out there for either one.
At first I thought he was joking, giving me more contracts to sign. But then I started reading.
How 'bout now, are you still wired in?
You issued over 24-million new shares of stock.
How much were your shares diluted? How much were his?!
It's gonna be like I'm not part of Facebook.
My name's on the masthead.
This is because I froze the account?
Sorry, my Prada's at the cleaners along with my hoodie and my fuck-you flip-flops you pretentious douchebag.
I'm not signing those papers.
Tell me this isn't about me getting into the Phoenix!
What is he talking about?
Seriously, what the hell's the chicken?
I almost forgot, there's your $19,000. I wouldn't cash it, though, I drew it on the account you froze.
I like standing next to you, Sean. It makes me look so tough.
That's it, that's our show for tonight, people. So I want to see everybody here geared up for a party. We're gonna walk down to the club like it's the Macy's Parade. Mackey, put it up on the big screen, we've gotta be almost there. A young employee hits a remote and a few keys on his computer and a huge flat-screen displays a Facebook page with a read¬ out of the number of members. 999,942 There's scattered applause and excitement as everyone watches.
That's life in the NFL.
Listen, I'm putting together a party—
He almost killed it. I'll send flowers. Speaking of flowers, I'm putting together a party after the party at Kappa Eta Sigma. Ashleigh's a sister.
Ashleigh? Me? No. A little bit. Oh no, do you like her? Dude--
We were just talkin' about you.
Put them on my desk. ASHLEIGH puts the small package on Mark's desk.
Refresh! MACKEY hits the "refresh" key and the big screen shows-- 1 , 000,046
The next transformative development? A picture sharing application. A place where you view pictures that coincide with your social life. It is...the true digitalization of real life. You don't just go to a party anymore, you go to a party with your digital camera and your friends relive the party on Facebook. And tagging. The idea-- SORORITY GIRL #2 Would this be easier without the bra? FRATERNITY GUY It's worth finding out. The girls start happily slipping off their bras--
How they check their friends' status updates, checked to see which of their friends had changed their profiles, changed their photos and mostly...
We lived on farms and then we lived in cities and now we're gonna live on the internet.
It's the cops. And they all spring into action. The girls are putting their
Good to see you officer. What can I do for you?
Was the music too loud? We have a celebration going.
I can have them turn the music down.
That's my inhaler. POLICEMAN #2 How old are you? SORORITY GIRL I'm 21.
It was just a party.
It's cool, I've got it under control.
You don't think Eduardo was involved do you? Do you think--
Or Manningham. One of them. Somebody. Somebody sent that coke in their 'cause it got in there. You believe me. This is gonna be fine, right?
We're done for the day.
I know that. When's there's emotional testimony I assume 85% of it is exaggeration.
Perjury. Creation myths need a devil.
Sy and the others are having a steak on University Ave. Then they'll come back up to the office and start working on a settlement agreement to present to you.
Oh yeah. And you're gonna have to pay a little extra.
So that these guys sign a non-disclosure agreement. They say one unflattering word about you in public and you own their wife and kids.
I'm talking about a jury. I specialize in voir dire--jury selection. And what the jury sees when they look at the defendant. Clothes, hair, speaking style, likability—
I've been licensed to practice law for all of 20 months and I could get a jury to believe you planted the story about Eduardo and the chicken. Watch what else. Why weren't you at Sean's sorority party that night?
Doesn't matter. I asked the question and now everybody's thinking about it. You've lost your jury in the first 10 minutes.
Pay them. In the scheme of things it's a speeding ticket. That's what Sy will tell you tomorrow.
I can't imagine it would be a problem.
You're not an asshole, Mark. You're just trying so hard to be.
